Chandler	also I was the point person on my company’s transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system.	neutral
The Interviewer	You must’ve had your hands full.	neutral
Chandler	That I did. That I did.	neutral
The Interviewer	So let’s talk a little bit about your duties.	neutral
Chandler	My duties?  All right.	surprise
The Interviewer	Now you’ll be heading a whole division, so you’ll have a lot of duties.	neutral
Chandler	I see.	neutral
The Interviewer	But there’ll be perhaps 30 people under you so you can dump a certain amount on them.	neutral
Chandler	Good to know.	neutral
The Interviewer	We can go into detail	neutral
Chandler	No don’t I beg of you!	fear
The Interviewer	All right then, we’ll have a definite answer for you on Monday, but I think I can say with some confidence, you’ll fit in well here.	neutral
Chandler	Really?!	surprise
The Interviewer	Absolutely.  You can relax	neutral

Joey	But then who? The waitress I went out with last month?	surprise
Rachel	You know? Forget it!	sadness
Joey	No-no-no-no, no! Who, who were you talking about?	surprise
Rachel	No, I-I-I-I don't, I actually don't know	fear
Joey	Ok!	neutral
Joey	All right, well...	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, sure!	neutral

Chandler	Hey, Mon.	neutral
Monica	Hey-hey-hey. You wanna hear something that sucks.	neutral
Chandler	Do I ever.	joy
Monica	Chris says they’re closing down the bar.	sadness
Chandler	No way!	surprise
Monica	Yeah, apparently they’re turning it into some kinda coffee place.	neutral
Chandler	Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?	disgust
Monica	Got me.	sadness
Chandler	Can I get a beer.	neutral
Monica	Hey, did you pick a roommate?	neutral
Chandler	You betcha!	joy
Monica	Is it the Italian guy?	neutral
Chandler	Um-mm, yeah right!	joy

Phoebe	Oh my God, oh my God! Poor Monica!	surprise
Chandler	What, what, what?!	surprise
Phoebe	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	He was with her when he wrote this poem.	neutral
Phoebe	Look,  'My vessel so empty with nothing inside.	neutral
Phoebe	Now that I've touched you, you seem emptier still.'	neutral
Phoebe	He thinks Monica is empty, she is the empty vase!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, totally. Oh, God, oh, she seemed so happy too.	sadness
Joey	Done.	neutral

Rachel	Hey!	surprise
Ross	Hi!	joy
Rachel	What are you doing here?	surprise
Ross	Ah y'know, this building is on my paper route so I...	neutral
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Ross	Hi.	neutral
Rachel	Hi.	neutral
Ross	How’d did it go?	neutral
Rachel	Oh well, the woman I interviewed with was pretty tough, but y'know thank God Mark coached me, because once I started talking about the fall line, she got all happy and wouldn’t shut up.	joy
Ross	I’m so proud of you.	joy
Rachel	Me too!	joy
Ross	Listen, I’m ah, I’m sorry I’ve been so crazy and jealous and, it’s just that I like you a lot, so...	sadness
Rachel	I know.	neutral
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral

Phoebe	Ameri-can.	neutral
Joey	Ameri-ccan.	neutral
Phoebe	Ameri-can. Y'know it’s a	neutral
Sergei	Everybody!!	surprise

Chandler	Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch!	joy
Joey	You liked it? You really liked it?	surprise
Chandler	Oh-ho-ho, yeah!	joy
Joey	Which part exactly?	neutral
Chandler	The whole thing! Can we go?	neutral
Joey	Oh no-no-no, give me some specifics.	anger
Chandler	I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!	joy
Joey	Hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?	neutral
Chandler	I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.	surprise
Joey	You fell asleep!!	anger
Joey	There was no kangaroo!	anger
Joey	They didn’t take any of my suggestions!	anger
Joey	That’s for coming buddy.	neutral
Joey	I’ll see you later.	neutral
Chandler	Don’t go!	sadness
Chandler	I’m sorry.	sadness
Chandler	I’m so sorry!	sadness
Chandler	Look!	surprise
Chandler	This guy fell asleep!	anger
Chandler	He fell asleep too!	anger
Chandler	Be mad at him!	anger
Chandler	Or, call an ambulance.	anger

Joey	Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.	neutral
Ross	What?! What is with everybody? It’s Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!	anger

Phoebe	Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring.	neutral
Phoebe	See, if I’m not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity	neutral
Chandler	Okay, that’s enough honey!	neutral
Customer	I don’t know.  Let me see the ring.	neutral
Chandler	Great! Okay, here.	joy
Customer	All right.	neutral
Chandler	Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!  And	joy

Chandler	What've you been up to?	neutral
Jade	Oh, you know, the usual, teaching aerobics, partying way too much.	neutral
Jade	Oh, and in case you were wondering, those are my legs on the new James Bond poster.	neutral
Chandler	Can you hold on a moment? I have another call.  I love her.	joy
Ross	I know.	neutral
Chandler	I'm back.	neutral
Jade	So, are we gonna get together or what?	neutral
Chandler	Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?	neutral
Jade	Great, I'll see you then.	neutral
Chandler	Ok.  Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.	joy
Ross	Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "Hey, you're not Bob."	neutral
Chandler	I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.	neutral
Ross	Oh my god. You are pure evil.	disgust
Chandler	Ok, pure evil , horny and alone . I've done this	anger

Phoebe	Nobody!	anger
Phoebe	Nobody respects the bucket!	anger
Phoebe	You wouldn't believe what people put in here!	anger
Phoebe	Look!	anger
Phoebe	Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?	anger
Monica	No.	neutral

Ross	This is my wedding.	neutral
Monica	All right, y’know what? We really are late! Let’s go! Let’s go! Let’s go!!	anger
Ross	Fine. You’ll-you’ll watch it on video when we get back.	neutral
Chandler	Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.	joy
Phoebe	Thank you.	neutral
Phoebe	Thank you.	neutral
Ross	All right, let’s go! Bye, Pheebs!	joy
Joey	Bye, Pheebs!	joy
Joey	London baby!!	joy
Phoebe	Oh, do you need a hug? You don’t have to bring me anything!	joy

Chandler	Hey!	neutral
Joey	Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I’ll have my health insurance back in no time.	joy
Chandler	That’s great, but shouldn’t you be on the toilet right now?	disgust
Joey	What?!	surprise
Chandler	What’s wrong with you?	disgust
Joey	Nothing!	neutral
Joey	Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven’t been able to stand up since.	fear
Joey	But um, I don’t think it’s anything serious.	neutral
Chandler	This sounds like a hernia. You have to—you-you go to the doctor!	surprise
Joey	No way! ‘Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it’s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach!	fear
Chandler	That’s a hernia.	disgust
Joey	Why did I have to start working out again?  Damn you 15s!	anger

Mona	I love your place! Where is this guy from?	joy
Ross	Uh that’s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.	neutral
Mona	Oh wow! So, you’re more than just dinosaurs.	surprise
Ross	So much more.	neutral

Ross	Well, well to sum up, we’re having fun, you look young.	neutral
Mona	Okay	neutral
Ross	But that’s not enough. So… So…here’s a key to my apartment.	neutral
Mona	Really?!	surprise
Ross	Really.	neutral
Mona	You don’t think this is too fast.	neutral

Ross	Get Out!	anger
Charlie	Ross, can I talk to you for a minute?	neutral
Ross	Yes, please!  So, what's going on?	neutral
Charlie	Uh, well... Joey and I broke up.	sadness
Ross	Oh my God, wh-what happened?	surprise
Charlie	Joey is a great guy, but we're just... so different! I mean, during your speech he kept laughing at homo erectus!	sadness
Ross	I knew that was him!	anger
Charlie	Anyway I just, uh, I think it's for the best.	sadness
Ross	Hey, you ok?	neutral
Charlie	I guess.	sadness
Charlie	There was hum...  there was another reason that I thought it was time to end it with Joey.	neutral
Charlie	I started to realize that I was having feelings for someone  else.	neutral
Paleontologist	Ok Geller. Last day of the conference, you know what happens to the keynote speaker.	neutral
Ross	Oh, professor Clerk we're kind of in the middle of a conversation, here.	neutral
Charlie	Yeah, can you guys just throw him in the pool later?	neutral
Professore Clerk	Or we could throw you both in	joy
Ross	Ok, gentlemen!	anger
Ross	Please!	anger
Ross	Aren't we a little old for this?	anger
Ross	I mean, we're scientists, right?	neutral
Ross	We're academics.	anger
Ross	And most importantly I... you-you will have to catch us first.	joy
Ross	GO, GO, GO!	joy

Ross	Go, go, go!	joy
Rachel	Oh yeah, now everybody wants to be under this hat!	joy
Phoebe	Oy!!	disgust
Monica	What’s with all this sand?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, yeah, Bob said there might be flood damage.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, either that, or he has a really big cat.	neutral

Joey	Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later.	anger
Joey	Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.	joy
Chandler	If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?	neutral
Monica	Rach? What are you doing?	neutral
Rachel	Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!	fear
Monica	It's a diaper commercial.	neutral
Rachel	Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!!	fear
Caitlin	Pizza delivery!	joy
Ross	I'll get it! I will get that!	joy
Caitlin	Hi!	joy
Ross	Hi!	joy

Ross	Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?	neutral
Joey	Uhh, the ball thing.	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	neutral
Joey	Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!	joy
Ross	Uhh,	neutral
Joey	Okay!	joy
Joey	Uh-oh.	fear
Ross	What?	neutral
Joey	I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom!	sadness
Joey	Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!	surprise
Ross	I know!  Don't switch hands, okay?	fear

Joey	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey!	neutral

Rachel	How did it go with Erin?	neutral
Joey	Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!	joy
Phoebe	Yay!! Oh so, you’re not, you’re not mad at us anymore?	joy
Joey	No!	joy
Joey	No!	joy
Joey	No!	joy
Joey	You guys were totally right!	joy
Joey	This is so much better than the first time we went out.	joy
Joey	Y’know?	neutral
Joey	That was so awkward, we were really nervous.	neutral
Phoebe	Didn’t you sleep together?	neutral
Joey	Yeah, that really calms me down.	neutral
Joey	And!	joy
Joey	We have so much in common!	joy
Joey	She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if we were ever to have kids, well that’s a	joy
Rachel	Oh my God! Listen to you talkin’ about having kids. Oh my Joey.  Oh, please don’t get married before I do.	surprise
Joey	Okay.	neutral

Monica	How does she do that?	surprise
Ross	I cannot sleep in a public place.	neutral
Monica	Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.	joy
Phoebe	Oh! What what what! ...Hi.	surprise
Ross	It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.	neutral
Monica	What's going on with you?	surprise
Phoebe	I got no sleep last night!	anger
Ross	Why?	neutral
Phoebe	My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed.	disgust
Phoebe	Oh, and deaf.	neutral
Phoebe	So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time.	neutral
Phoebe	You have no idea how loud they are!	disgust
Monica	Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.	neutral
Phoebe	Thanks.	joy

Joey	Ew! What is that? Something exploded!	disgust
Nurse	It's just her water breaking. Calm down, will you?	neutral
Joey	Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?	surprise
Nurse	Breathe, breathe, breathe.	neutral

Monica	Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he’s actually going to kill you dead.	surprise
Chandler	Okay! You don’t think I thought of that?	anger
Phoebe	How can you not know which one?	surprise
Rachel	I mean that’s unbelievable.	joy
Monica	I mean, was it Gina?	neutral
Ross	Which one is Gina?	neutral
Rachel	Dark, big hair, with the airplane earrings.	neutral
Monica	No, no, no, that’s Dina.	neutral
Chandler	You see you can’t tell which one is which either, dwha!!	surprise

Rachel	I don’t know, you thought ‘See you Saturday’ was funny.	neutral
Rachel	Look honey, Mark is in fashion okay, I like having a friend that I can share this stuff with.	neutral
Rachel	You guys would never want to go to a lecture with me.	neutral
Ross	Pa-haa!! I would love to go with you.	joy
Rachel	Really!?	surprise
Ross	Yeah, hey I-I have clothes, I even pick them out.	neutral
Ross	I mean for, for all you know I could be a fashion..... monger.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. Honey, I would love for you to go with me.  What?	joy
Ross	What should I wear, now I’m all nervous.	fear

Mr. Treeger	: I know, we did it!! Hey, that was incredible, huh?!	joy
Joey	I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful.	joy
Mr. Treeger	: Thank you, listen, thanks a lot Tribbiani, . Oh my God, look at the time, I gotta catch the bus to the ball.	joy
Joey	Oh well, okay, good luck.	joy
Mr. Treeger	: Yeah.	neutral
Joey	Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango?	neutral
Mr. Treeger	: Ahh, thanks but no. You see I-I think I’m ready to dance with girls.	neutral
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	: Yeah.	neutral
Joey	Go get ‘em Treeger.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	: Right.  Hey, ahh, you wanna come? Marge has a girlfriend.	neutral
Joey	Really?	surprise
Mr. Treeger	: Yeah, you could dance real good with her, she’s the same size as me.	neutral
Joey	No, I’m good.	neutral

Ross	Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?	surprise
Joey	Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so	neutral
Carol	Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?	surprise
Joey	Who knows?	neutral
The Casting Director	Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.	neutral
Ross	Yes!! I knew it!!  Bye-bye! So long! Later!	joy
Joey	Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!	joy
Ross	Yeah!	joy
The Casting Director	Actually, that can't happen.	neutral
The Casting Director	Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben.	neutral
The Casting Director	So it'll be either you two  or you two.	neutral
Joey	Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.	sadness
Ross	Yeah, it is.	neutral
Ross	No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.	neutral

Monica	Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.	sadness
Chandler	Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay!  Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.	joy

Ross	Please!	anger
Ross	Are you kidding?	anger
Ross	I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud of it but, I really am.	anger
Ross	And it’s all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.	joy
Emily	I think you’ve got concussion.	fear
Ross	No, no, I’m serious. Thank you.	joy
Emily	You’re welcome.  I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?	fear
Ross	It’s worth the pain.  Y’know what, you know what? It’s not.	sadness

Monica	Wow! That Mike thing was interesting! I don't know what's gonna happen with Phoebe and David.	surprise
Chandler	I do! Want a hint? huh? "I do"  "I do".	joy
Monica	Ok, I'm sensing that this is some kind of word play, because you are pink with barely controlled glee.	neutral
Chandler	David is going to propose to Phoebe.	joy
Monica	What?  Why?	surprise
Monica	Chandler, we have talked about this.	anger
Monica	You are not supposed to give people advice!	anger
Monica	Now couldn't you just have made some sort of inappropriate joke?	anger
Chandler	I	neutral
Monica	They've only been going out for a few weeks and Phoebe is completely hung up on Mike!	anger
Monica	She'll say "No", David's heart will be broken, it will be too hard for them to recover from and then Phoebe will end up alone	anger
Chandler	Man, that's some	surprise
Ross	Oh, that's not what you want...	neutral

Elizabeth	This is my father, Paul Stevens. Dad, this is Ross Geller.	neutral
Ross	It-it’s great to meet you Paul.	joy
Paul	I usually prefer Elizabeth’s boyfriends to address me as Mr. Stevens.	neutral
Ross	Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.	neutral
Paul	So Ross, what your problem?	anger
Ross	Eh-wh—Excuse me?	surprise
Paul	Why can’t you get a girlfriend your own age?	anger
Ross	That’s funny. Umm….  It’s not funny.	fear
Paul	I	neutral
Ross	Okay.	neutral
Ross	I can, I can see that.	neutral
Ross	Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.	fear
Paul	Okay.	neutral
Ross	What?	neutral
Paul	Okay. I’ll give you one chance to change my mind.  You got one minute.	anger
Elizabeth	Daddy!	surprise

Joey	Oh well, it’s not on TV yet.	neutral
The Dry Cleaner	Well, then it’s not on the wall yet.	neutral
Joey	Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh?	neutral
Phoebe	So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer’s clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven’t been cleaned yet?	neutral

Joey and Chandler	Ooooohh!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh yeah, I'm sure.  And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore.	neutral
Monica	Was it...?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.	neutral
Rachel	"Ooo," what?	surprise
Phoebe	Uma Thurman.	neutral
Monica	Oh!	surprise
Ross	The actress!	surprise
Ross	Thanks Rach.	neutral
Chandler	So what are you gonna do?	surprise
Ross	You have to tell her!	joy
Ross	You have to tell her!	joy
Ross	It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue!	anger
Ross	Guys?	anger
Ross	Guys?	anger
Chandler	Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.	neutral
Joey	Feminist issue. That's where I went!	neutral
Phoebe	She is gonna hate me.	fear
Ross	Yeah, well...	neutral

Chandler	Will you marry me?	fear
Joey	It’s the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!	joy
Ross	Yeah, yeah you have the ring?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, right here in my pocket.  Pheebs?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh! Oop!	surprise
Chandler	Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she’s gonna know.	neutral
Ross	Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here!	neutral
Monica	Hi guys.	neutral
Chandler	You are beautiful.	joy
Monica	Oh, thank you!   What’s going on?	joy
Rachel	We’re just really…very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.	neutral

Rachel	Okay umm, Ross?	neutral
Rachel	I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater.	neutral
Rachel	Now, I'm just letting you know that this is	neutral
Ross	Yep! That's hilarious!	joy
Rachel	I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.	neutral
Ross	Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.	neutral
Rachel	No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.	neutral
Ross	Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. All right, that's true! But y'know I just don't embarrass that easily.	neutral
Ross	What?! You totally get embarrassed!	surprise
Rachel	No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.	neutral
Ross	Is that so?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am	disgust

Phoebe	I can’t believe it!	surprise
Phoebe	I did it!	joy
Phoebe	I rode a bike!	joy
Phoebe	I never thought I’d be able to do that!	joy
Phoebe	Thank you Ross.	joy
Ross	Oh hey, don’t thank me, thank yourself. You’re the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.	joy

Ross	Hey, both you guys should be up there with me.	neutral
Ross	I mean, you two are-are my… I mean, I’m lucky to have just one good	neutral
Chandler	Thanks man.	neutral
Joey	I gotta go check something over here.	neutral
Chandler	What a baby.	sadness
Ross	Total wuss!	sadness

Monica	Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.	neutral
Joey	Wow! This looks great!	joy
Monica	Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap.  Umm, this one is made of bologna.	joy
Joey	And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?	disgust

Monica	You kissed another woman!	anger
Chandler	Call it even?!	neutral
Monica	Okay!	joy
Ross	Well, I’m gonna go get these  in some water.	neutral
Phoebe	Wait you stole those from these people’s wedding?	surprise
Ross	No-no, I took them from the hotel lobby.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, they think they can charge me for some dirty movie and a bag of Mashuga nuts, they got another think coming.	anger
Ross	Hey!	surprise
Ross	My sweater!	surprise
Ross	I’ve been looking for this for like a month!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh my God!!	surprise
Joey	Oh my God!	surprise

Kate	Happy?! Is that what I’m supposed to be Vic? Happy?	anger
Joey	Well, why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be!	anger
Joey	Huh?	surprise
Joey	Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out!	anger
Joey	I talk to you and nothin’.	anger
Joey	You look at me, and it’s nothin’.	anger
Joey	Nothing.	anger
The Director	Tasty! I’m really starting to feel like you guys have a history, it’s-it’s nice.	joy
Kate	I have a question about this scene.	neutral
The Director	Yes?	neutral
Kate	Well, I don’t understand why Adrienne’s attracted to Victor.	disgust
The Director	Peel the onion. First of all, he’s good looking.	neutral
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
Kate	I think my character’s gonna need a little bit more of reason than that.	neutral
Joey	Oh, hey, how about this one.	neutral
Joey	Ah, it’s says so in the script!	anger
Joey	Y'know ah, I-I don’t know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you’re a bitch.	anger
Kate	It doesn’t say that in the script.	anger
Joey	It does in mine!	anger

Phoebe	I can’t	anger
Joey	Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.	anger
Chandler	Y’know who has a great video camera?	neutral
Phoebe	Greg and Jenny?	neutral
Monica	Do you still wanna call ‘em? I wanna call ‘em.	neutral
Chandler	Let’s call ‘em.	neutral
Joey	Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs!	joy
Monica	Hello?  Eighth street deli?	neutral
Joey	Hey, hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin’ to that place.	disgust
Monica	Uh sorry, wrong number.	fear
Chandler	Here you go.	neutral
Monica	Hello?   It’s the deli again!	surprise
Joey	All right! I’ll have a sandwich!	joy
Monica	I don’t think this number’s right!	sadness
Rachel	Oh come on!!	sadness

Mr. Tribbiani	Gotta go. I miss you too, I love you, but it's getting real late now	sadness
Joey	Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me?  Did you know this isn't Ma?	surprise
Mr. Tribbiani	Her name's Ronni. She's a pet mortician.	neutral
Joey	Sure. So how long you been...	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?	neutral
Joey	Since then?!	surprise
Mr. Tribbiani	No, it's only been six years.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	I just wanted to put a nice memory in your head so you'd know that I wasn't always such a terrible guy.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	...Joe.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	Y'ever been in love?	neutral
Joey	...I d'know.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	Then y'haven't. You're burning your tomatoes.	neutral
Joey	You're one to talk.	disgust
Mr. Tribbiani	Joe, your dad's in love big time. And the worst part of it is, it's with two different women.	neutral
Joey	Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma.	disgust
Mr. Tribbiani	Of course, course one of 'em's Ma. What's the matter with you.	surprise

Chandler	Everything’s gonna be all right. Okay, Dick?	neutral
Guru Saj	Hello, I am Guru Saj--Whoa!!  That’s supposed to be a duck right? ‘Cause otherwise, this is waaay out of my league.	surprise

Monica	Hey, Rach, how was work?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn’t a chair.	neutral
Monica	By the way, Ross dropped by a box of your stuff.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, well, I guess I had that one coming.	neutral
Rachel	I’m just gonna throw it out, it’s probably just a bunch of shampoo and...	neutral
Monica	Something wrong?	neutral
Rachel	No. Nothing.	neutral

Charlie	And then, and then you said that thing about, about bringing the Mesozoic era in the 21st century.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, that's it?	surprise
Charlie	Yeah.	neutral

Joey	Dude, I am sorry about what I said!	sadness
Chandler	No, no, you’re right, it is a ridiculous name!	disgust
Joey	It’s not that bad.	neutral
Chandler	Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.	anger
Joey	So, you’re just Bing?	neutral

Monica	Because we won our apartment back!	joy
Joey	What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!	surprise
Monica	No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four!	anger
Phoebe	I don’t know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it!  Ah-ha!	surprise
Rachel	All right, cut, let’s pick again, pick again.	neutral
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	Come on apartment! Come on apartment!  Oh! I know queen is high!	anger
Joey	Uh-huh, not as high as… It worked! King!	surprise
Chandler	Yeah baby!	joy
Monica	But, we pick again! We pick again!	joy
Joey	Why?!	neutral
Monica	I don’t know!	fear
Chandler	Tickets please!  That’s courtside baby!	joy
Joey	Seriously, good game though. Good game.   What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!	surprise
Chandler	No they didn’t!	joy

Chandler	You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?	neutral
Joey	It's gonna be worth it.	neutral
Joey	It's a known fact that women love babies, all right?	neutral
Joey	Women love guys who love babies.	neutral
Joey	It's that whole sensitive thing.	neutral
Joey	Quick, aim him at that pack o' babes over there.	neutral
Joey	Maybe one of them will break away.	neutral
Joey	No, no wait, for get them, we got one, hard left.	joy
Joey	All right, gimme the baby.	neutral
Chandler	No, I got him.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, seriously you want him?	surprise
Joey	Hello.	neutral
Chandler	Well, don't, don't think me immodest, but, me?	surprise
Joey	You wanna smell him?	neutral
Joey	Oh, yeah. He's got that great baby smell. Get a whiff of his head.	joy
Joey	What'd I tell you? What'd I tell you?	joy
Chandler	Well, we are great guys.	neutral

Rachel	Bye.	neutral

Ross	Well, not really.	neutral
Ross	I mean technically it’s-it’s not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon.	neutral
Ross	Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.	anger
Monica	Well Ross, you be careful now. You don’t want to get a reputation as y’know Professor McNailshisstudents.	joy
Ross	Yeah. What-what should I do?	fear
Joey	Well Ross, it seems pretty clear.	neutral
Joey	I mean what’s more important?	neutral
Joey	What people think or how you feel, huh?	neutral
Joey	Ross, you gotta follow your heart.	neutral
Monica	Joey that is so sweet.	joy
Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?	neutral
Chandler	I couldn’t do it.	sadness
Joey	You couldn’t do it?!	surprise
Chandler	Hey, relax I just need more time. We’re going to dinner tonight.	neutral
Monica	What?! You’re going out with her again!	surprise
Ross	Going out with who?	neutral
Chandler	Uh, Dana Keystone from college.	neutral
Ross	Oh yeah! Wasn’t she uh	surprise
Chandler	No, that was Dana Caplin.	neutral
Monica	Joey! You didn’t even know her!	surprise
Joey	Ah whatever!	anger

Joey	Morning! Hey, how’s my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?!	joy
Wayne	Don’t touch him!	anger
Joey	Okay!	surprise
Joey	All right.	neutral
Joey	Umm, all right Wayne, level with me.	neutral
Joey	I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired.	fear
Joey	Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part!	fear
Joey	Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance!	sadness
Joey	I mean, I love-I love this little guy!	joy
Joey	Ah-ah!!	surprise
Joey	Okay, that’s why you didn’t want me to touch him right?	surprise
Joey	Here you go!	neutral
Joey	Okay?	neutral
Joey	Stupid!	anger
Joey	I can’t believe it!	surprise
Joey	God!	anger
Joey	Hey, how you doin’?	neutral

Ross	Hey.	neutral
Rachel	Hi. Look um, about what happened earlier...	sadness
Ross	No, hey, well, I-I completely understand. You were, you were stressed.	neutral
Rachel	I was gonna give you a chance to apologise to me.	disgust
Ross	For what? For letting you throw me out of your office?	anger
Rachel	You had no	anger
Ross	Yeah, well excuse me for wanting to be with my girlfriend on our anniversary, boy what an ass am I.	anger
Rachel	But I told you, I didn’t have the time!	anger
Ross	Yeah, well you never have the time. I mean, I don’t feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore, Rachel.	anger
Rachel	Wh, Ross what do you want from me?	anger
Rachel	You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?	anger

Monica	I know.	neutral
Phoebe	Ooh, I have to tell you something.	joy
Monica	What?	neutral
Phoebe	But I can’t tell you.	neutral
Monica	Okay, but wouldn’t it be easier if you had to tell me something that you could tell me.	neutral
Phoebe	Well, sure in a perfect world. But, no, I promised I wouldn’t tell, and I swore to like all my gods.	neutral
Monica	Okay. Does it have to do with Ross and Rachel?	neutral
Phoebe	No.	neutral
Monica	Does it have to do with Joey?	neutral
Phoebe	No.	neutral
Monica	Does it have to do with-with Chandler and that sock that he keeps by his bed?	neutral
Phoebe	No, but let’s come back to that later!	neutral

Richard	Hi!	joy
Monica	Richard!	joy
Richard	Actually, I’m not here to complement the chef.	neutral
Monica	Ohh… Oh, that’s okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef.	neutral
Monica	Like I have nothing better to do!	neutral
Monica	So what’s up?	neutral
Richard	Well, it was great seeing you the other night.	joy
Monica	Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?	neutral
Richard	No! I came here to tell you something else.  I came here  to tell you I still love you.	joy

Joey	One pregnant woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.	disgust
Rachel	So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?	sadness
Joey	Maybe!  Well! Well…so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts—Oh forget it! I can’t!	anger
Dina	Joey, I am scared to death about this.	fear
Dina	But I really think I can do it, I’m just gonna need some help.	fear
Dina	And Bobby’s gonna be here the whole time.	neutral
Bobby	You bet I am!  And to answer your earlier question, we’re straight-up gangster rap.	joy
Dina	Look, Rachel’s told me how much easier you’ve made all this on her. Why can’t you do that for me?	anger
Joey	Because! ‘Cause… ‘Cause you’re my baby sister!	sadness
Dina	And you’re my big brother!	joy
Dina	I mean, you’re my favorite guy in the whole world.	neutral
Dina	I’m not even scared to tell mom and dad.	neutral
Dina	I was scared of telling you.	fear
Joey	Well I’d be scared of them, but all right.	fear
Dina	Joey, I can’t stand the thought of having this baby with you mad at me.	sadness
Dina	I want him to have his uncle.	sadness
Dina	Is my baby gonna have his Uncle Joey?	sadness
Joey	Of course he’s gonna have his Uncle Joey!	joy
Dina	We’re gonna be all right. I mean, even if we’re not married this baby is gonna be so loved. Not just by us.	joy
Joey	That’s right! By his uncle too!	joy
Bobby	And by you.	joy
Rachel	Okay Bobby, why don’t we just come over here and let them have a little moment.	neutral
Joey	Come here!	joy
Rachel	No! Seriously! What’s wrong with you?!	anger

Danny	I had a really nice time tonight.	joy
Rachel	So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out.	joy
Danny	I'd love to ask you in, but uh, my sister's visiting and I think she's asleep on the couch.	neutral
Rachel	You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch?  Ohhh! I saw	surprise
Danny	Oh hey, great, you're up. Rachel, this is my sister Krista. Krista, this is Rachel.	neutral
Rachel	Hi!	joy
Krista	Nice to meet you. I wish you'd told me we were having company, I'd fix myself up!	surprise
Danny	Like it would help.	neutral
Krista	You are so bad!	joy
Danny	You are!	joy
Krista	You are!	joy
Danny	You are!	joy
Krista	You are!	joy
Danny	You are!	joy
Krista	You are!	joy
Danny	You are so dead! I'm gonna get you.	joy
Rachel	Uh, it was very nice meeting you.	neutral

Chandler	Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.	surprise
Jill	Hi Mom, it's Jill.	neutral
Chandler	She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre!	surprise
Jill	Yeah, I'm fine. I'm just stuck at the bank, in an ATM vestibule.	neutral
Chandler	Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.	neutral
Jill	I'm fine. No, I'm not alone... I don't know, some guy.	neutral
Chandler	Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was	joy

Chandler	Are you seeing anybody right now?	neutral
Chandler	Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out.	fear
Chandler	I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!	fear

Phoebe	Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?	neutral
Rachel	Uh-huh.	neutral
Phoebe	That sounds great!	surprise
Joey	Hey!	neutral
Monica	Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can’t eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.	anger
Joey	There’s gravy?	surprise
Monica	If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time.	neutral
Monica	That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that’s your department now.	neutral
Monica	What are you doing?	neutral
Joey	I think I left a donut up here.	neutral

Doug	So, in conclusion, the lines all go up , so I’m happy.	neutral
Doug	Great job team!	joy
Doug	Tomorrow at 8:30.	neutral
Doug	Phil!	joy
Doug	Nice job.	joy
Doug	Stevens!	joy
Doug	Way to go!	joy
Doug	Joel-burg, you maniac!	joy
Doug	I love ya!	joy
Doug	Bing!	joy

Stevens	Oh, excuse me. I forgot my briefcase y'know, by accident.	neutral

Doug	Of course, you did.	joy
Doug	Forgot something else too ya bastard!	joy
Doug	Well, what about you?	neutral
Doug	You’re not feeling left out or anything are ya?	neutral
Chandler	No. No, not at all, that’s-that’s ridiculous.	sadness
Doug	Everybody else got one, and you want one too. Don’t you?	joy
Chandler	Ye-ye-yeah, yes I do!	sadness
Doug	Now get on out of here, you!	joy

Chandler	Hey Bob.	neutral
Bob	Hey! How’s my pal Toby doing today?	joy
Chandler	If I see him, I’ll ask.	neutral
Bob	Toby!	joy
Chandler	Yeah!	joy
Mr. Franklin	Oh then you know each other.	neutral
Chandler	We’re on a semi-first name basis.	neutral
Mr. Franklin	What do you think of adding him to our team?	neutral
Chandler	Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don’t know if he has what it takes.	surprise
Mr. Franklin	Really? They love him down on six.	surprise
Chandler	But this is eleven. It’s almost twice as hard up here.	neutral

Ross	Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding!	joy
Chandler	A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?	neutral
Ross	No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman’s tux!	joy
Chandler	What?	surprise
Ross	That’s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film…that Batman film he was in.	joy
Chandler	You can’t wear that! I’m wearing the famous tux! James Bond’s tux!	anger
Ross	So?	neutral
Chandler	So—If you wear that you’ll make mine less special.	sadness

Chandler	Sorry, I just don’t like the idea of when I say "I do," he’s thinking, "Yeah, I’d do her too!"	anger
Monica	Well then we still have a problem.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah!	neutral
Phoebe	With what?	neutral
Monica	Well, we’re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they’re all either boring or annoying or y’know, can’t stop staring at the ladies.	neutral
Phoebe	Oo! You should have one of us do it!	joy
Monica	Phoebe, we’re getting	neutral
Phoebe	No! No! It’s-it’s uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!	joy
Joey	I call it!!	joy
Phoebe	What?! No! It was my idea!	anger
Chandler	Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.	neutral
Joey	Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!	anger
Chandler	We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!	neutral

Ross	See, I see.... big passion in your future.	joy
Rachel	Really?	surprise
Ross	I do.	neutral
Rachel	Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up]	joy

Phoebe	That was supposed to be a good thing, I forget why.	neutral
Phoebe	Just listen, Monica, I, do you know, okay, do you know, I couldn’t sleep for like a month because I got like a dot of ink on one of the sofa cushions.	neutral
Monica	Well, you-you coulda just turned the cushion over.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, I would’ve except I had a big spaghetti stain on the other side.	neutral
Monica	What?!?!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, this is what I’m talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.	neutral
Monica	You can spill. In the sink.	neutral
Phoebe	Aw, honey it’s not your fault, y'know this is who you are, and I love you, and I want us to be friends, and if I keep living here I don’t see that happening.	sadness
Monica	I love you, too.	joy
Phoebe	Aww, good.  What?	joy
Monica	What? I’m just said.	sadness
Phoebe	No you’re not, you’re wondering which cushion it is.	neutral

Rachel	Oh my God! Are you serious?!	surprise
Ross	Uh-huh.	neutral
Rachel	I would love to live with you Ross.. that’s-that’s great! Thank you!	joy
Ross	Well, I’m-I’m just glad I could, y’know, help you out.	neutral
Rachel	Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me!	joy
Rachel	I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless.	sadness
Rachel	You just saved me!	joy
Rachel	You’re my hero!	joy
Ross	Hero, I uh, I don’t know—well, all right.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has!	joy
Ross	Oh please!   You’re gonna say things now, aren’t ya?	joy
Phoebe	No.	neutral
Phoebe	No, I won’t.	neutral
Phoebe	But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise.	neutral
Phoebe	She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn’t love her, but he really did, and it just blew up!	anger

Director	...Dammit, hire the girl!  Okay, everybody ready?	anger
Joey	Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.	joy
Director	Lose the robe.	neutral
Joey	Me?	surprise

Chandler	That's great.	joy
Chandler	Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?	neutral
Janice	No, no, I'm still working on mine.	neutral
Chandler	That's it?	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah, it was really hard.	sadness
Chandler	Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, you weren't there.	anger

Tony	Wow! That’s ah, that’s pretty nice!	joy
Joey	Pretty nice?	neutral
Chandler	You’ll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.	neutral
Tony	We don’t have 50 bucks, but would you be willing to trade for it? We’ve got a canoe.	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, I, I really don’t think we need a canoe.	neutral
Tony	You gotta take the canoe!	anger
Chandler	All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!	neutral
Peter	We’re not throwing it away! I built that canoe!	anger
Joey	Good for you!!	anger

Rachel	Pheebs?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	neutral

Chandler	Okay. Then I guess it’s just, wait here then.   Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen.	neutral
Ticket Counter Attendant	One ticket to Yemen?	surprise
Chandler	Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket.	neutral
Ticket Counter Attendant	I’m sorry sir, I don’t understand.	surprise
Chandler	What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?	neutral
Ticket Counter Attendant	Are you travelling with a child?	neutral
Chandler	No.	neutral
Chandler	All right, y’know what, she’s  gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.	neutral

Chandler	Okay, but this is the last time.	neutral
Chandler	With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there.	joy
Chandler	Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick--chickeeeen.	joy
Joey	Hey.	neutral
Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Joey	How’s she doing?	neutral
Chandler	She?	surprise
Joey	Well yeah, don’t-don’t you think it’s a she?	neutral
Chandler	I don’t know.  I can’t tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.	neutral
Joey	Well, anyway, I got to go change, I’m ah, meeting some of the cast for drinks.	neutral
Chandler	Excuse me?	surprise
Joey	What?	neutral

Joey	Okay, good, so there you go. Go with Vince.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, but Jason's really sensitive.	neutral
Chandler	Well sensitive is important, pick him.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Joey	Oh sure, go with the sissy.	disgust
Phoebe	Jason is not a sissy!	anger
Joey	Oh no-no-no-no, I meant Chandler.	anger

Ross	Hi.	neutral

Rachel	So uh, apparently people are familiar with the Europe story?	neutral
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn’t matter.	neutral
Ross	I mean, I think it would’ve happened either way.	neutral
Ross	I mean if you hadn’t initiated it I-I-I know I would’ve.	neutral
Rachel	It was an amazing night.	joy
Ross	It was. It was an amazing night.	joy
Rachel	You think it looked amazing?	sadness

Dr. Long	Do we have a name yet?	neutral
Rachel	No, not yet.	neutral
Dr. Long	That’s fine, for now we’ll just call her Baby Girl Green.	neutral
Rachel	Oh no, Baby Girl Geller-Green.	neutral
Rachel	Hello baby girl.	joy

Ross	Ah-ha, nowhere to run!	joy
Rachel	I don’t like sitting up here! I’m just gonna over	anger
Phoebe	No Rachel! They got here first!	anger
Phoebe	Why is Ross doing that?	neutral
Ross	DANGER	fear
Rachel	Oh my God! Why is he jumping on those women!	surprise

Joey	No that’s all right. Don’t worry about it.	neutral
Rachel	Oh but look! That’s gonna leave a stain!	disgust
Joey	Rach! Hey! It’s fine! You’re at Joey’s!	joy
Rachel	Really?	surprise
Joey	Yeah! Look!	neutral
Rachel	I’ve never lived like this before.	disgust
Joey	I know.	neutral
Joey	All right, don’t waste it, I mean its still food.	neutral

Rachel	Hey Joey, is this the bed where Olivia lost her virginity?	neutral
Joey	I don't know, but one of the extras sure did!  Hey, listen    Rach. Thanks again for coming down to watch my scenes!	joy
Rachel	Oh, please!Honey, just the fact that you want me here to support    you, I'm...OH MY GOD!Is that Christian Sanders?He's so	surprise
Joey	Also so	neutral
Rachel	Oh, in my head he's done some pretty "not-gay-stuff"!	neutral
Joey	Well, at the Christmas party him and Santa did some definitely    gay stuff!	neutral

Joey	OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.	neutral
Monica	About what?	neutral
Joey	He's planning your birthday party.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God! I love him!	joy
Joey	You'd better act surprised.	fear
Phoebe	About what?	neutral
Monica	My surprise party!	joy
Phoebe	What surprise party?	surprise
Monica	Oh stop it. Joey already told me.	joy
Phoebe	Well, he didn't tell me.	neutral
Joey	Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.	neutral
Phoebe	This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.	anger
Monica	No, you are not. We tell you stuff.	neutral
Phoebe	Yuh-huh!	anger
Phoebe	I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo.	anger
Phoebe	I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in.	anger
Phoebe	Looks like I was second to last.	surprise

Monica	Chandler, we still haven’t gotten an RSVP from your dad.	neutral
Chandler	Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that’s because I didn’t send him an invitation.	neutral
Monica	Chandler! He’s your father.  he should be at the wedding.	anger
Chandler	I don’t even know the man. Okay? We’re not that close. I haven’t seen him in years.	disgust
Monica	Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn’t even asked?!	sadness
Chandler	It’s not like we run in the same circles.	neutral
Chandler	I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.	disgust
Phoebe	Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.	neutral
Chandler	Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.	disgust
Monica	So what! As long as he’s not wearing a white dress and a veil I don’t care.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, I think I need to do some shopping.	neutral

Charlton Heston	Hello! Who’s in there?	neutral
Joey	How ya doin’?	neutral
Charlton Heston	Who in the hell are you?	anger
Joey	I guess you wouldn’t believe me if I said I was Kurt Douglas, huh?	neutral

Monica	No-no, Rachel, don’t get it! He can’t see us!	fear
Phoebe	No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!	anger
Rachel	I’m not gonna marry Chandler!	anger
Phoebe	Not after this!	anger
Rachel	Okay, you guys, just relax.  I doooo.	neutral
Joshua	I gotta go.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua!   Yeah, well, that oughta do it.	sadness

Rachel	Sorry I'm late, but I left late.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	So Pheebs, what is the book about?	neutral
Phoebe	I thought you said you read it in high school.	neutral
Rachel	Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway—umm, what is this book about?	neutral

Rachel	Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those?	neutral
Rachel	Y'know what, actually…  Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?	neutral
Nancy	I thought you didn't smoke.	surprise
Rachel	Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know?	neutral
Rachel	Y'know what I mean, like dubbies?	neutral
Rachel	And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!"	surprise
Rachel	But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.	neutral
Kim	We get high.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, me too.	neutral
Kim	I'm kidding.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, me too.	joy

Rachel	Oh, are you sure you're ok?	sadness
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	Does it still hurt?	sadness
Ross	Yeah.	sadness
Phoebe	What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.	joy
Monica	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey, how'd it go?	neutral
Joey	Excellent.	joy
Monica	We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.	joy
Ross	What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.	joy

Phoebe	You know what? You are right. I	neutral
Rachel	Good for you Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Ok.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay  If you guys have microphones in there too, I didn't mean	neutral

Joey	This sucks! I didn’t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I’m so tired!	anger
Chandler	It’s 6:00.	neutral
Rachel	Hi!	joy
Joey	Yeah, Rach, I think you’re handling that really well.	neutral
Rachel	Handling it?	neutral
Rachel	What do you mean, handling it?	joy
Rachel	There’s nothing to handle.	joy
Rachel	Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn’t for me and Joshua.	neutral
Rachel	Y’know, they’re not gonna get married anyway!	anger
Chandler	What?	surprise
Rachel	Come on!	anger
Rachel	They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous!	disgust
Rachel	And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off.	neutral
Rachel	I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.	joy

Phoebe	What the hell is this?!	surprise

Phoebe	What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can’t use for another two months?!	anger

Phoebe	This sucks!	anger
Phoebe	All right, what’s my next present?	neutral

Chandler	All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?	neutral
Monica	Enhh	neutral
Chandler	I’ve got canned goods.	neutral
Joey	Hey, you guys! Take a look at this!  Check this baby out, dug me a hole!	surprise
Chandler	Excellent hole, Joe.	neutral
Joey	Oh no! No!! My hole!!	surprise
Monica	Ow!! Ow!!!	disgust
Joey	What?! What?!! What is it?!	surprise

Rachel	My drinking?	neutral
Joanna	Oh, I must’ve said that after you left.	neutral
Rachel	Said what? Exactly.	fear
Joanna	That you enjoyed the occasional drink…ing binge.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I’m leaving! You are just a horrible person!	disgust
Joanna	Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!!	fear
Joanna	If you’re gonna get all sensitive about it!	anger
Joanna	I don’t want to lose you.	sadness
Joanna	What if I, create a position for you?	neutral
Joanna	I’ll make you an assistant buyer in this department.	neutral
Rachel	Say more things like that.	joy
Joanna	You can have your own office, and a raise! Effective tomorrow.	joy
Rachel	I’d need an expense account.	neutral
Joanna	Done!	joy
Rachel	And an assistant.	neutral
Joanna	Sophie, get in here!	joy

Rachel	Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.	joy
Joey	Oh my!	surprise
Rachel	They're male nurses.	neutral
Joey	Not in my head.	neutral
Rachel	Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?	joy
Monica	Umm.  Umm. Umm. I don't think so.	joy
Rachel	What?	surprise
Rachel	What are you talking about?!	surprise
Rachel	You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on.	anger
Rachel	I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me.	neutral
Rachel	Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.	neutral
Monica	Umm, why don't you give	neutral
Rachel	What?	surprise
Monica	Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?	neutral
Rachel	Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some	neutral
Joey	Yep! There's always room for	neutral
Rachel	Joey, how do you make	neutral
Joey	Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh,  Grandma's chicken salad	neutral

Monica	Hello, this is Monica...	neutral
Monica	Yeah???	neutral
Monica	Oh...	neutral
Monica	Okay, yes, we'll be right, we'll be right down.	neutral
Monica	Thank you.	neutral

Monica	Okay. Let’s bring it in.	neutral
Rachel	Wait no, honey, honey throw it to me, throw it to me.	neutral
Ross	Here you go.	neutral
Rachel	That almost hit me in the face.	anger

Chandler	Well, if the magician can open my beer with his but cheeks, then all right.	neutral

Chandler	Hey!	joy
Monica	Hey!	joy
Chandler	Y’know I’m-I’m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.	joy
Monica	Oh boy, me too!	joy
Chandler	Y’know I was thinking if we had a…a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours	neutral
Monica	Yeah?	fear
Chandler	Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!	neutral
Monica	The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!	anger
Chandler	That’s me! Come on!	joy
Monica	Okay.  But wait, we can’t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we’re supposed to have lunch.	neutral
Chandler	Well, get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.	neutral
Monica	Shrill?! The wedding is back on!	anger
Cassie	I thought I heard voices. You must be Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Hi! Nice to meet you!	joy
Cassie	Nice to meet you too.	neutral
Monica	So, are you ready to go?	neutral
Cassie	Yeah.	neutral
Monica	Chandler!	anger
Chandler	I’ll be right with you.	neutral

Ross	Th-th-that's all it is, a third nipple.	neutral
Ross	Just your run-of-the-mill third nipple.	neutral
Ross	You can take it off.	neutral
Ross	Just slice that baby right off!	fear
Dr. Rhodes	Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here.  What are you doing?	neutral
Ross	Just showing you my run-of-the-mill-slice-it-right-off third nipple.	neutral
Dr. Rhodes	Well that's not a third nipple.	neutral
Ross	No?	surprise

Dr. Rhodes	First of all, it's on your ass.	neutral
Ross	Well then, what is it?!	surprise

Dr. Rhodes	Wait a minute, hold it.  Johnson! Will you come in here a moment?	neutral
Dr. Johnson	I'm with Hamilton!	neutral
Dr. Rhodes	He's good with rear things, bring him in too.	neutral

Kristen	Umm, this is great wine.	joy
Ross	It’s from France…In Europe…Western Europe. Y’know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.	neutral
Kristen	Really?	surprise
Ross	Uh-hmm—Wait! It gets better. Um, yeah I was in Barcelona.	joy
Kristen	I studied for a year in Barcelona.	neutral
Ross	Anyway, umm so I was um, I was hiking	neutral
Kristen	I love hiking!	joy
Ross	Oh that’s great! I was hiking along the foothills of Mount Tibidaybo	joy

Janice	So? Congratulations you two, I didn’t even know you got married.	surprise
Rachel	Oh we-we didn’t.	joy

Ross	No-no. We	fear
Janice	What?!	surprise

Ross	Um uh…We’re-we’re just having this baby together but uh, uh that’s all.	neutral
Janice	Why?!!	surprise
Ross	Uh well umm…we’re just not in that place, y’know? But we’re very excited about this.	neutral
Janice	Oh. Well then shut me up.	neutral
Rachel	Just tell me how.	neutral
Janice	Uh-oh, I feel another one coming.	fear

Joey	Let it go, Ross.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.	neutral
Monica	Do you all promise?	neutral
Monica	Chandler? Do you promise to be good?	neutral
Joey	You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside!	joy
Ross	Hey, Pheebs.	neutral
Phoebe	Dear Ms. Buffay.	neutral
Phoebe	Thank you for calling attention to our error.	neutral
Phoebe	We have credited your account with five hundred dollars.	neutral
Phoebe	We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this-  -	neutral

Chandler	Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the	neutral
Monica	Honey, both yours.	neutral
Rachel	Hey! Great advice on that Joey thing!	joy
Monica	Yeah? The work problem?	neutral
Rachel	Oh it was perfect! I mean it really felt like he was my friend again.	joy
Chandler	What problem did you tell him you had?	neutral
Rachel	Oh that’s not important. The point is, I really—I think everything’s gonna be okay.	neutral

Monica	Okay, I’ve got some Ones, you wanna put them in her panties?	neutral
Chandler	No thanks, Mom!	disgust
Phoebe	Ha-ha, it’s not my baby, ha-ha-ha!	anger
Monica	Very good,  so good.	joy
Phoebe	I really, really enjoyed it. Very exotic.	joy
Rachel	Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call.	sadness
Rachel	I mean you’d think he’d be worried about me not showing up at his club.	sadness
Rachel	Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!	sadness
Phoebe	Come on! Look where you are!!	joy
Monica	When you get a sec, another round of daiquiris.	neutral
Phoebe	Remember, a virgin for me please.	neutral
Monica	Oh! And don’t let me leave without getting the name of that carpet guy.	neutral
Chandler	Ahh, come on! Y’know what—y’know what, I think I’m just gonna go home and call Kathy.	neutral
Phoebe	Well, if you think it will help.	neutral
Chandler	No!	anger
Chandler	That was a test!	fear
Chandler	In a couple of hours I’m gonna get really drunk and wanna call Kathy and you guys are gonna have to stop me!	fear
Chandler	And then after that, I’m gonna get so drunk, I’m gonna wanna call Janice	fear
Phoebe	You should! How is she?	surprise
Chandler	Ohhh!!	anger
Monica	I think somebody needs another lap dance.	joy

Monica	All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.	neutral
Phoebe	You do?	surprise
Monica	You don’t?  Well, that’s the difference between a professional and a layman.	surprise
Phoebe	That and arrogance.	anger
Joey	Hey.	neutral
Monica	Hey! How was sailing?	joy

Joey	Wow thanks!	joy
Chandler	Joe?	fear
Joey	Yeah!	joy
Chandler	Uh, you’ve had a lot of sex right?	neutral
Joey	When? Today? Some, not a lot.	surprise
Chandler	Well, it’s just the reason that I’m asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to—I mean I really wanted to, but I couldn’t….	fear
Chandler	There huh—hmm, there-there was an incident.	fear
Joey	Don’t worry about that man, that happens.	neutral
Chandler	It’s happened to you?	surprise
Joey	Yeah! Once.	neutral
Chandler	Well, what’d you do?	surprise
Joey	I did it anyway.	neutral
Joey	‘Sup? ‘Sup dude?	neutral
Chandler	Take whatever you want, just please don’t hurt me.	fear
Joey	So you’re playing a little	neutral
Chandler	Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.	disgust
Joey	Come on man, really how old?!	surprise
Chandler	Young! You’re a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody’s ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!	disgust

Ross	And they knew about it?	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?	surprise
Ross	Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!	anger
Phoebe	Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don’t know what the big deal is!	anger
Ross	The big deal is I don’t want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle—beer! Cold beer.	disgust

Ross	Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?	neutral
Monica	Do you always have to bring him here?	anger
Ross	I didn't wanna leave him alone.	neutral
Ross	Alright?	neutral
Ross	We- we had our first fight this morning.	neutral
Ross	I think it has to do with my working late.	neutral
Ross	I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.	neutral
Ross	Oh, that'd be great!	joy
Ross	Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie.	neutral

Chandler	Check this out.	neutral
Chandler	It says here that there’s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums!	surprise
Chandler	"It’s almost as good as being there."	neutral
Joey	It’s better! You can’t go to a museum in your underwear!	joy
Joey	Oh-ho! I bet the British version is gooooood!	joy

Jester	Uh, may I help you?	neutral
Monica	Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I’m the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.	neutral
Jester	Look, it’s like I told you, there’s nothing I can do. You signed for it, Monica Velula Geller.	neutral
Joey	All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.	neutral
Jester	Nobody sees the king!	anger
Joey	Oh-ho-kay, I’m talking to the king.	neutral
Jester	Hey! You can’t go back there!	surprise
Janice	Oh my God.	surprise

Ross	So, this must be kinda neat for ya, huh?	neutral
Ross	I mean, your Dad tells me that you get a couple of days off school, and you, you ah, don’t have to sell those cookies anymore.	neutral
Sarah	Well, I kinda wanted to sell the cookies. The girl who sells the most wins a trip to Spacecamp, and gets to sit in a	sadness
Ross	Wow, you ah, you really like all this space stuff, huh?	surprise
Sarah	Yeah.	neutral
Sarah	My Dad says if I spend as much time helping him clean apartments, as I do daydreaming about outer space, he’d be able to afford a trip to the Taj Mahal.	neutral
Ross	I think you would have to clean a whole lot of apartments to go all the way to India.	neutral
Sarah	No. The one in Atlantic City, Dad loves the slots. He says he’s gonna double the college money my Grandma left me.	sadness

Monica	Oh, um, I don’t know if that’s a good idea.	joy
Richard	Oh. Look, just friends, I won’t grope you. I promise.	neutral
Monica	No, I just I think that it’s too soon.	joy
Richard	No it’s not too soon, I had lunch at a eleven.	neutral

Chandler	I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.	neutral
Ross	And now you want that money back.	surprise
Chandler	Exactly.	neutral
Ross	Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for?	joy
Chandler	It’s not a real game! I made it up!	anger
Ross	I’m sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.	joy

Joey	I don't know.	neutral
Joey	But I can see through your sheet.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, yeah, that's her.	neutral
Joey	But y'know what?	neutral
Joey	Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.	sadness
Monica	Why?	neutral
Joey	Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.	sadness
Monica	What are you talking about?  She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!	surprise
Joey	No. No. No. She lives on the	neutral
Monica	No, those first two windows,  that's the lobby.	neutral
Monica	And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway.	neutral
Monica	You've been counting wrong.	neutral
Joey	I did	anger

Rachel	Monica, betting the apartment, I don’t know about this.	fear
Monica	Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand.	joy
Rachel	Why? Do you have the answers written on there?	surprise
Monica	No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.	neutral
Rachel	All right, let’s do it.	fear
Ross	All right, gentlemen, you’re up first.	neutral
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Ross	You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins—stop it —now. What was Monica’s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?	neutral
Joey	Big fat goalie.	neutral
Ross	Correct. Rachel claims	neutral
Chandler	Dangerous Liaisons	neutral
Ross	Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...	neutral
Joey	Weekend at Bernie’s	neutral

Phoebe	Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.	neutral
Monica	Yeah, come on, we can be guys!	joy
Chandler	No you can’t.	joy
Chandler	You don’t want to be guys, you’d be all hairy and wouldn’t live as long.	disgust
Phoebe	Y’know you, you just stop being such a wuss and get those off and you come with us and watch naked girls dance around!!	anger
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Phoebe	I’m sorry.	sadness

Monica	And y'know what, I just realised, in the last year I’ve only gone out with two guys, Richard and Julio.	surprise
Monica	You gotta help me out here, you gotta set me up, you gotta get me back in the game.	fear
Rachel	Well, that shouldn’t be a problem. I mean I work in fashion and all I meet are eligible straight men.	neutral
Monica	Pete, can I get you something else?	neutral
Pete	Yeah, a slice of cheesecake and-and a date if you’re given’ ‘em out.	neutral
Monica	Haven’t you and I covered that topic?	neutral
Pete	Hmm, come on, you just said to her that you….	neutral
Monica	Aww, the only reason you want to go out with me because my blond wig, and the big boobs, and the fact that I serve you food.	joy
Pete	Well, if that were true, I’d dating my Aunt Ruth.	joy
Pete	And the two times we went out were just plain awkward.	disgust
Pete	Come on, you think she should go out with me, don’t you?	neutral
Rachel	Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her?	neutral
Rachel	I mean that ain’t a pretty picture in the morning, y’know what I mean.	disgust
Rachel	That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know.	disgust
Monica	I mean really, think about it.	neutral
Pete	Ho-ho, I will.	neutral

Chandler	I believe I read that somewhere!	surprise
Ross	That only is not funny, it's physically impossible!	anger
Ross	Okay?	anger
Ross	Depending    on the species I'd have to have a six foot long...	anger
Ross	It's not funny!	anger
Chandler	I respectfully disagree.	neutral
Ross	I can't believe you put that on my alumni page!	anger
Chandler	Who cares? Nobody reads those things	neutral
Ross	You'd better hope not because I just read what you put on your    page today.	anger
Chandler	I don't have a page.	neutral
Ross	Oh oh oh! I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!!	anger

Ross	I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye.	joy
Chandler	Okay, what is in here? Rocks?	surprise
Ross	No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.	neutral
Chandler	So, rocks.	disgust
Ross	I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there.	sadness
Joey	Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing  and it kinda knocked me out a little?	joy
Ross	I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.	joy
Joey	Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?	surprise
Ross	Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice	sadness
Joey	You	neutral
Ross	Why?	neutral
Joey	Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop.  Get up! Get up! Get up!	joy

Emily	I left a bra drying on the shower rod, you don’t think your son will think it’s yours and be horribly traumatised?	joy
Ross	Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.	neutral
Emily	Ohh, it’s time to go.	neutral
Ross	Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes.	neutral
Ross	Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes?	neutral
Ross	Twice?	neutral
Emily	Well that’s ambitious.	neutral
Ross	Hey, uh, you can ignore that.	neutral
Emily	That’s Carol with your son!	surprise

The Singing Man	Morning’s here! Sunshine is here! The sky is clear, the morning’s here! The morning’s here!	joy
Rachel	HEY!! Do you	anger
The Singing Man	Oh come on! Morning’s here!  Morning’s here! The morning is here! Sunshine is here!	joy
Rachel	I	neutral
Joey	Are you kidding? I love that guy!  Morning’s here! Morning is here—	joy
Rachel	Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.	anger
Monica	Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.	neutral
Rachel	Monica, you don’t even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!	anger
Monica	Y’know what? I am	neutral
Rachel	I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.	sadness
Monica	Okay.	neutral
Joey	See, this is a	neutral
Monica	Shut up! This place is a hole!	anger

Chandler	All right buddy, time to roll over.	neutral
Chandler	No-no!	fear
Chandler	No, no-n-n-n-no!!	fear
Chandler	You are going to a clinic!	disgust
Chandler	You’re going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!	disgust

Phoebe	Are you under the sheet?	neutral
Monica	Yes.	neutral
Phoebe	Great, let’s begin.  How’s the pressure?	joy
Monica	Nice! Wow Phoebe you are good!	joy
Phoebe	Stating the obvious, but thank you. And it’s not weird is it.	joy
Monica	No. Ooohh	joy
Phoebe	That’s right, you just enjoy.	neutral
Monica	Oh. Oh yeah! Ohhhhh! Ohh! Oh yeah!	joy
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Oh God Phoebe!!  Oh that’s it! That’s it! Right there! Oh!  Ooooh-oooh-ooooh	joy

Kate	Become a drama critic!	joy
The Director	I am hurt!  A plague on both your houses!	sadness
Kate	By the way, he dumped me tonight after he read my review.	sadness
Joey	Oh, classy.	disgust
Kate	Yep! I sure know how to pick ‘em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!	sadness
Joey	Wow! Yeah I ah, I gave up a job too.	anger
Kate	Really. What?	surprise
Joey	Uh, de-clawing cats.	anger
Joey	Hey, tell ya what.	neutral
Joey	Let me walk you home.	neutral
Joey	We’ll stop by every news stand and burn every copy of their Times and the Post.	anger
Kate	Why the Post?	surprise
Joey	Oh, you didn’t see the Post?	surprise
Kate	No. You?	neutral
Joey	No. Why?	neutral

Rachel	Hi Joey! What are you doing here?	joy
Joey	Uhh, well I’ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt.  You got an extra one?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, sure. Umm…here.	neutral
Joey	Great.  You got anything that’s not	disgust
Rachel	Yeah, I don’t think so Joe.	neutral
Joey	All right, I guess this will be fine.	neutral
Rachel	Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?	neutral
Joey	Nothing, why?	neutral
Rachel	How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I’ll pay.	neutral
Joey	Huh, Rach I got to say it’s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.	disgust
Rachel	I’m not asking you to go on a	neutral
Joey	Really? ‘Cause I could kinda use the money.	surprise
Rachel	Joey, just-just he-he’s new in town and I know he doesn’t have any guy friends.	neutral
Rachel	Just take him to like a ball game or something.	neutral
Rachel	I’ll really appreciate it.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, okay.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah?	surprise
Joey	Sure, no problem.  Ooh—Hey, donuts!	joy

Commercial	Problem odour in the litter box? Don’t change your kitty, change your kitty litter.	neutral
Monica	Sorry, Pheebs.	sadness
Joey	Yeah. You okay?	neutral

Rachel	No! Sorry, I just thought you were somebody else. Hi!	surprise
Mark	Hi. Well, look, I was just gonna leave a message, isn’t tonight your, your big anniversary dinner?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah. Well, umm.....	sadness
Mark	Rach, are you okay?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, I’m fine.	sadness
Mark	You wanna talk, I mean I can come over?	neutral
Rachel	No! Really, no, please, please, that’s, that’s okay.	sadness
Mark	All right, all right, I’m coming over, and I’m bringing Chinese food.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, yeah, I’m not, I’m not hungry.	sadness
Mark	It’s for me.	neutral
Rachel	Oh. Okay, bye.	neutral

Chandler	Come on, pick up, pick up!	fear

Chandler	Hello?	neutral

Chandler	Transit Authority?	neutral
Chandler	Yes, hello.	neutral
Chandler	I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus.	neutral
Joey	Hi, here's the deal.	neutral
Joey	We lost a carseat on a bus today.	neutral
Joey	It's white plastic, with a handle, and it fits onto a stroller.	neutral
Joey	Oh, and there was a baby in it.	neutral
Joey	He wants to talk to you again.	neutral

Ross	Hello.	neutral
Ross	I’m sorry I’m a little late.	neutral
Joey	Whoa	surprise
Ross	Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller.	neutral
Ross	So to sum up, I’m Professor Geller.	neutral

Ross	Good evening, sir.	neutral
Ross	My name is Ross Geller.	neutral
Ross	I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment.	neutral
Ross	And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but—I'm sorry.	neutral
Ross	I, I can't help but notice you're naked and  I applaud you.	joy
Ross	Man, I wish I was naked.	neutral
Ross	I mean, this-this looks so great.	joy
Ross	That is how God intended it.	neutral

Rachel	Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship!	anger
Rachel	But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him!	anger
Rachel	Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest!	joy
Rachel	Okay, you go!	anger
Monica	My turn? What-what are you talking about?	surprise
Rachel	Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.	disgust
Monica	What?!	surprise
Rachel	I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours."	neutral
Rachel	And he said, "Laundry?	neutral
Rachel	Is	neutral
Monica	Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.	joy
Rachel	Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.	anger
Monica	Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big……ot.	neutral
Rachel	What?!	surprise
Monica	Mr. Bigot. He tells the most	neutral
Rachel	All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.	anger
Monica	Me and Chandler?!	surprise

Phoebe	I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off.	neutral
A Female Student	Yeah, what's up with that girl Monica?	neutral
Phoebe	I don't know! I didn't come with her!	anger
Monica	All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!	joy
All	A test?!!	surprise
Monica	Come on! Tests make us all better learners! Oh yeah!  We should have essay questions!!	joy

Phoebe	Okay I’ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking gorilla?	neutral
Cliff	I’d have to say…the talking gorilla, because at least I can explain to him that you’re making me eat him.	neutral
Phoebe	Somebody went to college. Wow.  What is it? I’m sorry.	surprise

Mr. Franklin	Okay, I hear you loud and clear. Bob will stay put.	neutral
Chandler	I think it’s best sir.	neutral
Mr. Franklin	But we really do need to find someone up here.	neutral
Mr. Franklin	The work is starting to pile up.	neutral
Mr. Franklin	I’ve got a stack of documents on my desk this high.	neutral
Chandler	Y’know what you should do, just toss ‘em in the shedder and claim you never got ‘em.	neutral
Mr. Franklin	That’s a good one.	neutral
Chandler	What does a guy have to	neutral

Ross	Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.	neutral
All	Hi, Julie!	joy

Phoebe	Isn’t there a national football league.	neutral
Chandler	Yes. Yes, there is, they play on Sundays and Monday nights.	neutral
Rachel	Oh shoot! I work Monday nights.	sadness
Phoebe	Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?	joy
Joey	When they’re hungry enough, they’ll come in.	neutral

Tag	Hey Joey, you wanted to talk to me?	neutral
Joey	I don’t know. You uh, you got something for me?	neutral
Tag	Oh, yeah, this is from Rachel.	neutral
Joey	Ten. Okay. Now Tag there’s such a thing as too many women.	neutral
Tag	Really?	surprise
Joey	Yeah, for you!	joy

Chandler	Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance.  Bye-bye.  Oh God!	surprise
Monica	That's	neutral
Chandler	Hey, I've been honing!	anger
Ross	What was with the dishes?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, uh..	fear
Chandler	I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know?	fear
Chandler	I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.	anger
Monica	Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh my God!  Go away!  Stop looking in here!	anger
Monica	Great, now he's waving back.	disgust
Joey	Man, we gotta do something about that guy.	disgust
Joey	This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment.	disgust
Joey	It creeps me out!	anger
Joey	I feel like I can't do stuff!	anger
Monica	What kinda stuff?	joy
Joey	Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.	disgust
Phoebe	You cook naked?	surprise
Joey	Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters.	neutral
Chandler	What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.	surprise

Monica	Y'know they say a watched pot never beeps.	neutral
Phoebe	It’s just y'know, been a couple of hours, and she hasn’t called. Not that I even care, y'know.	sadness
Monica	Phoebe why don’t you just call her? You obviously want to.	neutral
Phoebe	You think you know me so well.	anger
Monica	Well, don’t ‘cha wanna?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Monica	Okay, well I do know you.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s what I said.	neutral
Monica	Well so?	neutral
Phoebe	I can’t.	sadness
Phoebe	I can’t.	sadness
Phoebe	She dumped me, I mean I totally trusted her and then one day it was ‘Okay, bye Pheebs’ gone.	sadness
Phoebe	Y'know what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun I’ve ever had in like all my lives.	sadness

Ross	Ok, bye.  Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.	neutral
Chandler	Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?	neutral
Ross	It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.	neutral
Chandler	It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.	joy
Ross	Nuh-uh.	fear
Chandler	Yuh-huh.	joy
Ross	So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?	surprise
Chandler	Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear.	disgust
Chandler	This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear—you want it to be dirty?	surprise
Ross	No.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?	neutral
Ross	Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my	anger

Chandler	Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?	anger
Joey	That's the rule.	neutral
Chandler	What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!	anger
Joey	How'd you get to that?	anger
Chandler	Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio	anger
Joey	You knew about that?	surprise
Chandler	Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.	disgust
Joey	Ok, ok, How about if we split it?	neutral
Chandler	What do you mean, like, buy it together?	neutral
Joey	Yeah	neutral
Chandler	You think we're ready for something like that?	neutral
Joey	Why not?	neutral
Chandler	Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?	neutral
Joey	Why, are you moving out?	surprise
Chandler	I'm not moving out.	neutral
Joey	You'd tell me if you were moving out right	fear
Chandler	Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip...	neutral
Joey	Aw, I know all about Kip!	anger
Chandler	It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly.	anger
Joey	Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?	sadness
Chandler	Aw, don't do that	sadness

Phoebe	Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.	sadness
Eric	Oh no, stay here we’ll keep doing this. I’ll pay you.	neutral
Phoebe	No, I got in trouble for that before. I’ll see you later.	neutral
Eric	Absolutely.  I love the way you kiss.	joy

Mona	Oh my God! Oh my God! I’m so sorry!	fear
Ross	Aw forget it, it’s from	neutral
Dr. Green	You think you can knock up my daughter and then not marry her?! I’m gonna kill you!!	anger
Ross	Y’know this is actually not a great time for me.	sadness

Rachel	Okay! So, we’ll just stay married.	joy
Ross	Yes, exactly!	joy
Rachel	And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!	joy
Ross	Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I’d have to talk you into this more.	joy
Rachel	What-wh-what so we’ll just stay married forever?!	surprise
Ross	Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you?	neutral
Ross	Really?	anger
Ross	I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.!	joy
Ross	It’s	neutral
Rachel	Ohh, okay, I’m sorry.	sadness
Rachel	You’re right.	neutral
Rachel	Y’know what?	neutral
Ross	I’m asking you to do me a favor.	neutral
Rachel	You are asking me to be your wife!	anger
Ross	And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.	neutral

Monica	Oh my God!	surprise
Paul	I know, I know, I'm such an idiot.	joy
Monica	My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?	neutral
Paul	Well, you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-	neutral
Monica	-leg?	neutral
Paul	That's one way! Me, I- I went for the watch.	neutral
Monica	You actually broke her watch?	surprise
Rachel	Barry, I'm sorry...	sadness
Rachel	I am so sorry...	sadness
Rachel	I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju-  Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...	sadness

Ross	No real-, honey, really it’s fine, just g-go with Susan.	neutral
Ross	Really, I, no, I think girls night out is a great idea.	joy
Ross	Okay, okay, bye	neutral
Phoebe	So what are they doing?	neutral
Ross	I don’t know, something girlie.	joy
Phoebe	Hey, you’re early.	neutral
Monica	What are you doing with the lamp?	surprise
Phoebe	I’m just taking it to be re-wired.	neutral
Monica	Oh, well don’t take it to the same place you took the stereo, ‘cause they’ve had that thing for over a week.	disgust
Phoebe	No, no, Mr. Heckles no one is making any noise up here.	neutral
Mr. Heckles	You’re disturbing my oboe practice.	anger
Phoebe	You don’t play the oboe!	anger
Mr. Heckles	I could play the oboe!	anger

Rachel	Ohhh! That is soo sweet!	joy
Mark	Okay, okay look, I know I'm being Mr. Inappropriate today, but it's just so tough, I mean see you walking around and I just wanna touch you and hold you, come on no one's around, just, just kiss me.	joy
Ross	All right that's, that's it!! Get off her!	anger
Mark	What is going on?	surprise
Ross	What's going on?!  That's what's going on!!	anger
Rachel	Ross!	surprise
Ross	I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie!	anger
Ross	What do I have to do to get some service?!	anger
Ross	Hi Rach.	neutral

Mona	Ross?	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	neutral
Mona	Hey it’s Mona! From the wedding.	joy
Ross	Oh hi!	joy
Mona	Hi!	joy
Ross	Wow! Uh…how are you?	surprise
Mona	I’m good except umm, you still owe me a dance.	neutral
Ross	Oh that’s right. Well uh, would you be interested in seeing a Ukrainian film?	joy
Mona	Oh you’re serious. Sure!	surprise
Ross	Great! Well umm	joy
Mona	I think I might need one more cup of coffee.	neutral
Ross	Sure! Uh, let me get it for ya.	neutral
Mona	Okay.	neutral

Phoebe	Look, I feel really bad about how I freaked you out before, so I called the father and asked him to meet you here so you can tell him.	sadness
Phoebe	Go!	anger
Rachel	What? Hey wait a minute! Phoebe, how do you even know who the father is?	surprise
Phoebe	I may play the fool at times, but I’m a little more than a pretty blond girl with an ass that won’t quit.	anger
Phoebe	I believe this belongs to the father of your baby.	neutral
Rachel	Oh God… Oh, he’s in there right now?	surprise
Phoebe	Uh-huh. Now you can turn around or you can go in there and rip the Band-Aid off. What to you want to do?	neutral
Rachel	Uh, let’s rip!	fear
Phoebe	Really? Are you sure?	surprise
Rachel	Oh Phoebe!	joy
Phoebe	Okay, sorry. Yeah.	neutral
Tag	Hey Rach.	neutral

Phoebe	Hey, thank you so much for these tickets, Chandler.	joy
Chandler	Oh well, this was a really important experience for me, and    I wanted to share it with you.	joy
Monica	Oh, you're so wonderful.	joy

Joey	It can’t be me, I’m standing right here.	neutral
Mr. Geller	Wanna peek?	neutral
Ross	No!	disgust
Mr. Geller	Come on!	surprise
Joey	We’re not peeking?	sadness
Mr. Geller	Well I’m peeking.  Oh my God!	surprise
Chandler	Hello sir, you know Monica.	neutral

Joanna	Chandler is fantastic!!	joy
Rachel	What?!	surprise
Joanna	Y’know how people just click?	joy
Joanna	Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click!	joy
Joanna	Did he tell you?	surprise
Joanna	Oh, and he’s got such a good heart! Doesn’t he have a good heart?	joy
Rachel	Oh, I know...	joy
Joanna	Oh, I know and he’s soo sweet! Listen, he said he was going to call, so put him straight through.	joy
Sophie	Isn’t this great?!	joy
Joanna	Don’t spoil it.	neutral

Ross	Hi.	neutral
Rachel	Hi, sweetie!	joy
Ross	Hello.	neutral
Mark	Hi, Ross.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, huh.	neutral
Rachel	I?ve got some bad news.	sadness
Ross	What?	fear
Rachel	I can get a quick bite to eat, but then I have to come back up here.	neutral
Ross	Come on sweetie! You?ve had to work late every night for the past two weeks, what is it this time?	sadness
Ross	But work comes first!  Oh hey, but that?s sad about you though, what happened? Burn out? Burn all out, did ya?	joy
Rachel	Nooo, he?s leaving for a better job.	neutral
Ross	Oh well that?s great, so I guess this is ah, this is good bye then. Huh?  Good bye.	joy
Mark	Okay, then.	neutral
Ross	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	Well we?re gonna miss you around here.	sadness
Mark	Yeah, me too.	sadness
Mark	So, see ya on Saturday.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, you bet.	neutral

Ross	Whazzup??	neutral
Chandler	Seriously dude, 3 years ago.	joy
Ross	Listen, can you do me a favor?	neutral
Ross	I'm gonna be out today.	neutral
Ross	Can you    just keep an eye on Joey, make sure nothing happens between him and Molly?	neutral
Chandler	You don't trust him?	surprise

Ross	I think the check in is that way.	neutral
Rachel	Ahh.	neutral

Joey	Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!	neutral
Monica	Well there’s some people who do want to marry me.	anger
Joey	There are?	surprise
Monica	Yeah! Richard!	anger
Joey	R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?!  And-and Chandler’s tellin’ ya how much he hates marriage?!	surprise
Monica	That’s right.	neutral
Joey	Chandler	neutral
Monica	You just told me that he hates marriage!	surprise
Monica	That-that he’s a-a complex fellow who’s unlikely to take a wife!	anger
Monica	That-that he’s against marriage and always will be!	anger
Joey	You got	neutral

Ross	You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.	fear
Rachel	I knew.	neutral
Ross	You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.	surprise
Rachel	I did.	neutral
Ross	Oh.	sadness
Ross	Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here—but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out?	fear
Ross	Sometime?	neutral
Ross	Maybe?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, maybe...	joy
Ross	Okay... okay, maybe I will...	joy

Chandler	Well, I just thought it’d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.	neutral
Joey	Well, you’re amazing.	joy
Chandler	Oh no-no-no.	neutral
Joey	A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That’s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?	surprise
Chandler	Well, y’know I’m 29. I mean who needs a savings account.	neutral
Joey	Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.	joy
Chandler	Oh, I don’t know.	fear
Joey	Oh-no-no-no, you are!	joy
Joey	You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I’m gonna do that.	joy
Chandler	You mean with Casey.	neutral
Joey	No-no-no, I think I’m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She’s pretty cool.	neutral
Chandler	Or Casey.	neutral
Joey	No-no, Kathy.	neutral
Chandler	Could be Casey.	neutral
Joey	No. No, Kathy.	neutral
Chandler	Consider Casey.	neutral
Joey	I think somebody’s got a little crush on Casey.	joy
Joey	How ‘bout I fix you two up?	joy
Joey	What do you think?	joy
Chandler	That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!	joy

Chandler	Hey, anybody got a length of rope about six feet long with a little nouse at the end?	neutral
Monica	Honey, what’s the matter?	neutral
Chandler	I just saw Janice.	neutral

Singer	‘Cause every time I see your face, I can’t help but fall from grace. I know.....	joy
Joey	Wow! This girl is good.	surprise
Phoebe	Oh-ho yeah! A song with rhyming words. Oo, I never thought of that before.	anger
Chandler	I like her.	neutral
Phoebe	Why? Because she can sing and play guitar and do both at the same time?	neutral
Chandler	Well, that’s pretty much all I’m looking for from these people.	neutral
Monica	Look at you. All jealous.	anger
Ross	Yeah Pheebs, come on, you two have completely different styles. Y'know, she’s more.. y'know, and you’re more	neutral
Joey	Say you'll stay beside me	sadness
Phoebe	Okay, see, see, everyone else is happy she’s done.	anger
Singer	Okay, my next song’s called: Phoebe Buffay, What Can I Say.	neutral
Singer	I Really Loved When We Were Singing Partners, And I Shouldn’t Have Left You That Way.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh no, one of those ‘look for the hidden meaning’ songs.	neutral

Ross	Yes, hello.	neutral
Ross	I have a question.	neutral
Ross	Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face.	neutral
Ross	A beard and a moustache.	neutral
Ross	Thank you.	neutral
Ross	No,	neutral
Rachel	What?! What else did he say?	surprise
Ross	Umm, he said he thought I was funny.	neutral
Ross	So… Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, no! There is	anger
Ross	Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, I am a human doodle!!	anger
Ross	Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun!	neutral
Ross	And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna	neutral
Ross	Okay, there was	neutral

Ross	Come on!	joy
Rachel	Oh wait, don’t you have to pay for your,  Busty Ladies?	joy
Ross	No, it’s okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don’t	neutral

Monica	Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!	surprise
Joey	You said, you wanna come in for some lemonade?	neutral
Monica	So?!	disgust
Joey	Whoa, ah!! We’re you just gonna give me some lemonade?	surprise
Monica	Yeah huh!! Cover yourself up!	disgust
Joey	Oh right, right.	neutral
Monica	I don’t believe this! When someone asks you in for lemonade, and to you that means they wanna have sex?	disgust
Joey	Well usually...yeah!	surprise
Joey	Well, not just lemonade, iced tea, sometimes juice.	neutral
Joey	Well, sorry, I just, I thought you liked me.	neutral
Joey	I’m such a jerk.	sadness
Monica	It’s okay. I suppose it could happen to anyone, not anyone I know, but... By the way I can still see it.	neutral

Rachel	Hmmm... this is so nice.	joy
Ross	OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.	neutral
Rachel	OK.	neutral
Ross	OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....	neutral
Rachel	Ohhh!!!!	surprise
Ross	Yes, yes, that's right...	neutral
Rachel	Oh, look at the little cat!	surprise
Ross	What?  Ow!	surprise

David	Well, I was probably going to do it at some point.	neutral
Chandler	I didn't mean	neutral
David	It's brilliant!	joy
David	Goodbye Mike, we'll see you at the wedding, fella!	joy
David	well, we probably won't invite you to the wedding...	neutral
David	Thank you, Chandler.	neutral
David	Sincerely.	neutral
Chandler	Well, you're welcome! Glad I could help.	joy
Chandler	David, I'm pretending to	neutral

Phoebe	Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely.  Come on Joey! You can’t win if you don’t ask any	joy
Joey	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	Well, you promised me a fun road trip!	joy
Phoebe	We’ve been on the road six hours and you’ve been asleep for five and a half!	anger
Phoebe	We are switching at the next rest stop and	anger
Joey	All right. All right.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio’s broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.	anger
Joey	Really? I don’t	surprise
Phoebe	Sing!!	anger
Hitchhiker	Morning!	joy

1st Customer	Everything was delicious!	joy
Monica	Thank you!	joy
2nd Customer	It was. The duck in particular was superb.	joy
Monica	Thank you!    You haven't said anything...	joy
3rd Customer	Actually I do have one small complaint.	neutral
Monica	Oh..please!I-I welcome criticism.	neutral
3rd Customer	The musician right outside the restaurant...it's kind    of a mood-killer!	sadness
Monica	What musician?	surprise

Joey	We did?	neutral
Monica	You owe me 20 bucks.	joy
Rachel	Thank you. Thank you so much!	joy
Monica	Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.	neutral
Rachel	Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner?	surprise
Rachel	What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?	anger
Chandler	All right, I'm nine years old.	neutral
Ross	Oh, I hate this story.	sadness
Chandler	We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner.	neutral
Chandler	I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.	sadness
Rachel	Oh my god.	surprise
Chandler	Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.	sadness

Rachel	Hey, who's this little naked guy?	surprise
Ross	That little naked guy would be me.	neutral
Rachel	Aww, look at the little thing.	surprise
Chandler	Who are those people?	surprise
Ross	Got me.	surprise
Monica	Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle.  'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.	neutral
Rachel	Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?	surprise
Monica	Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?	neutral
Ross	Looks like a fun gang.	neutral
Joey	Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!	joy

Tag	So, what’s this about?	joy
Phoebe	Rachel has something that she wants to tell you and umm, I believe that this is your red sweater.	neutral
Tag	No.  This is my red sweater.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh no. Could I get anyone a coffee or…poison? No? Just for me? Okay.	fear
Tag	What’s going on Rach?	joy
Rachel	Nothing! Phoebe kinda made a mistake. But y’know you do wear that sweater a lot, are you involved in some kind of dare?	fear
Tag	Y’know, I’m actually glad Phoebe called.	joy
Tag	I know we broke up because you thought I wasn’t mature enough, but I’ve really grown up and think we should get back together.	joy
Rachel	Oh, it’s just not the right time.	sadness
Tag	It is the right time.	joy
Rachel	Okay.	neutral

Joey	‘Kay!	joy
The Presenter	in the category of Favorite Returning Male Character the nominees are: John Wheeler from	neutral
Joey	What the?!	surprise

Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Policeman	You’re an Aquarius, huh?	neutral
Rachel	I bet you’re a Gemini.	neutral
Policeman	Nope.	neutral
Rachel	Taurus?	neutral
Policeman	Nope.	neutral
Rachel	Virgo?	neutral
Policeman	Nope.	neutral
Rachel	Sagittarius?	neutral
Policeman	Yep.	neutral
Rachel	I knew it! I knew it, ahh….	joy
Policeman	You’re not gonna speed anymore right?	neutral
Rachel	I won’t speed.	neutral
Policeman	And you promise you’ll get this taken care of right away?	neutral
Rachel	I promise.	neutral
Policeman	And in the meantime you better let him drive. Does he have a license?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah!	neutral
Policeman	Can he handle the stick?	neutral
Rachel	Oh well	neutral
Ross	I can handle the stick!!	anger

Monica	Hey!	joy
Monica	I can’t believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?	sadness
Rachel	Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you’re trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?	sadness
Chandler	Weirdest thing. Did I hear——Mother of God it’s true!	surprise
Janice	Chandler Bing!	surprise
Joey	Janice	surprise
Ross	Not just Janice, Janice in labor, contracting and everything.	joy
Janice	Oh, this should be easy. I have a very wide pelvis. You remember Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Janice I didn’t even know you were pregnant! Who’s the unwitting human who’s essence you’ve stolen?	surprise
Janice	It’s you. This is yours.	neutral
Chandler	What?!	surprise
Janice	Look how nervous he gets! We haven’t slept together in years!	joy
Chandler	That’s funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?	fear

Joey	Man, I’m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!	anger
Ross	Y’know, y’know I’m lookin’ and I don’t think anyone’s home here.	neutral
Ross	I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y’know explain later.	neutral
Joey	Yeah? Really? No one’s home?	surprise
Ross	I don’t think so. Hello?  When you get in there	neutral

Monica	Hey, what's up?	neutral
Rachel	I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.	sadness
Monica	Oh, honey, I'm sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!	anger
Monica	You had no relationship!!	anger
Rachel	No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!	anger
Monica	Oh God, stop with the plan!	anger
Monica	So what, so what you saw him with a girl?	neutral
Monica	Who cares?!	anger
Monica	That doesn't mean anything!	anger
Monica	Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.	neutral
Rachel	She was kinda stupid.	neutral
Rachel	You're right.	neutral
Rachel	All right, I'm just gonna go on the date.	neutral
Rachel	I'm gonna go on the date.	neutral
Rachel	That is the new plan.	neutral

Phoebe	Hi.	neutral
Duncan	Phoebe!	surprise
Phoebe	Ta-da.	joy
Duncan	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	Hi.	neutral
Duncan	Ahh, look at you, you look great.	joy
Phoebe	Do I? Thank you, so do you.	neutral
Duncan	Thanks.	neutral
Phoebe	Sparkly.	neutral
Phoebe	So, wow, this is pretty wonerful, huh.	joy
Phoebe	Mr. major capades guy.	neutral
Phoebe	I, I remember when you were just, like, King Friday in Mr. Roger's Ice is Nice.	neutral
Duncan	You always said I'd make it.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, well, ya know, I'm kind of spooky that way. Wooo.	neutral
Duncan	I missed you.  I'm gonna get changed.	neutral
Phoebe	OK.	neutral
Duncan	Um, now. Phoebs.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, right, OK. Ole.	neutral
Duncan	What?	neutral
Phoebe	Um, the matador.  Ole, ha ha ha.	joy

Jane	Hi Joey it's Jane Rogers, can't wait    for your party tonight.	joy
Jane	Listen, I forgot your address, can you give me a call?	neutral
Jane	Thanks, bye.	neutral
Joey	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Hey!	joy
Joey	What's happening?	joy
Rachel	Yeah, it's a real shame you can't make it to that one-woman    show tonight.	sadness
Joey	Oh, I'd love to, but I gotta get up so early the next day and    so, you know me, work comes first	neutral
Rachel	Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah...	neutral
Message	"Hi Joey, it's Jane Rogers can't wait for your party tonight"	joy
Joey	Stupid Jane Rogers!!	anger
Rachel	You are having a party tonight??	surprise
Joey	Kinda have a... a thing for the Days Of Our Life's people.	neutral
Rachel	And you weren't going to tell us? How did you think you were    gonna get away with that?	anger
Joey	I do it every year.	neutral
Rachel	You do that every year??	surprise
Joey	I didn't have to tell you that!! I'm stupider than Jane Rogers!!	anger
Rachel	Oh, that's why you got these tickets to that play, to get rid    of us??	anger
Joey	Yeah...	neutral
Rachel	And last year is that why you sent us to that medieval times    restaurant?	anger
Joey	Yeah...	neutral
Rachel	OH! And the year before that, when you set up that nighttime    tour of that button factory?	anger

Rachel	Who's this from?	surprise
Chandler	Oh, that's Ross's.	neutral
Rachel	Oh...  Oh my God. He remembered.	surprise
Phoebe	Remembered what?	neutral
Rachel	It was like months ago.	surprise
Rachel	We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl.	sadness
Rachel	Oh!	surprise
Rachel	I can't believe he remembered!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.	surprise
Monica	I can't believe he did this.	surprise
Chandler	Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck?	neutral
Rachel	What did you just say?	surprise
Chandler	F-hah.... flennin....	fear
Rachel	Oh.... my God.	surprise

Gary	I really like waking up with you.	joy
Phoebe	I like waking up with you too.  Oh! It's such a beautiful morning.  Oh, I can stay here all day.	joy
Gary	That would be great!	joy
Phoebe	We could have breakfast in bed	joy
Gary	Wait, just a second.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.  Oh! Oh no.	surprise

Rachel	Well that was depressing, I think I just bought a soft pretzel from one of the kids from	sadness
Phoebe	Um-hmm. Oh wait! This is Bonnie.	surprise
Bonnie	Hi!	joy
Rachel	This is Bonnie?  This is Bonnie?  You’re Bonnie?	surprise
Bonnie	I can show you an ID if you want?	neutral
Rachel	Oh no, I’m sorry, you look a lot different from the last time I-I saw you.	surprise
Bonnie	Oh yeah, well I just started wearing bras again.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, that must be it.	neutral
Phoebe	Well I hope you have fun tonight.	neutral
Bonnie	Thanks! You too.	joy

Rachel	I believe it.	neutral
Rachel	Yes, I do.	neutral
Ross	No you do—y'know what, you’re not gonna suck me into this.	anger
Rachel	Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.	anger
Ross	I do not always have to be—okay, okay.	anger
Rachel	Jurassic Park	neutral

Monica	I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.	fear
Joey	Maybe we should check the trash chute.	neutral
Rachel	Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.	neutral
Joey	That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey!	neutral
Rachel	There he is!	joy
Monica	Oh my God!  Where the hell have you been?!!	anger
Ross	Just, y'know out.	neutral
Rachel	Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!	anger
Phoebe	What were you doing?	neutral
Ross	I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.	neutral
Joey	He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.	surprise
Ross	Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!	anger
Joey	He hooked up!! Tell us about her!	joy
Janice	Ross you left you scarf in… Hey you guys.	neutral

Chandler	Oh yeah, that looks good.	neutral
Phoebe	You guys make a	neutral
Joey	Yeah, we look great together.	joy
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!	joy
Joey	Y’know, we don’t have to imagine.	neutral
Chandler	I’m marrying her.	joy
Joey	We’ll just see.	neutral

Joey	Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!	anger
Woman	Hi Joey.	neutral
Joey	Hey! How you doin’?	neutral
Woman	He has the most amazing Porsche under there!	joy
Joey	I’d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in.	neutral
Joey	She’s sleeping.	neutral
Joey	Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink?	neutral

Ross	Well, the old lady died.	sadness
Ross	And how do I know?	neutral
Ross	Her dying wish was for one last kiss.	neutral
Ross	But I don’t care,  because you got the apartment.	joy
Ross	Yes!	joy
Rachel	Ewww. Yeah. Umm. I think I’m gonna stay here.	disgust
Joey	Isn’t that great?	joy
Ross	Ezels!!	disgust

Phoebe	Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat, smelly cat, it’s not your fault.	neutral
Leslie	Wow, that’s great.	joy
Phoebe	Oh, yeah!	joy
Leslie	Y'know you could totally sell this. It’d be perfect for like umm, a kitty litter campaign.	neutral
Phoebe	I..., a jingle? No, no-no-no, no.	neutral
Leslie	What? Why not? You could make a ton of money.	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, well if I was in this for the money, I’d be a millionaire by now, y'know.	neutral
Phoebe	You just got to get out of that jingle head sweetie.	neutral

Leslie	Aw, you’re right, you’re right. I’m sorry.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s okay. All right, I’m gonna play song that’s really, really sad. It’s called Magician Box Mix Up.	joy

Rachel	Okay sir, um-mm, let see if I got this right.	neutral
Rachel	Ah, so this is a half-caf, double tall, easy hazel nut, non-fat, no foam, with whip, extra hot latte, right?	neutral
Rachel	Okay, great.	joy
Rachel	You freak.	disgust
Ross	Thank you.	joy
Isabella	Um, coffee to go, please.	neutral
Ross	Isabella Rosselini.	neutral
Monica	Are you serious?  Oh my God.	surprise
Ross	Damn! I can’t believe I took her off my list.	anger
Monica	Why? ‘Cause otherwise you’d go for it?	neutral
Ross	Yeah, maybe.	neutral
Rachel	Oh-oh, you lie.	disgust
Ross	What you don’t think I’d go up to her?	neutral
Rachel	Ross, it took you ten years to finally admit you liked me.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, well missy, you better be glad that list is laminated.	anger
Rachel	You know what honey, you go ahead, we’ll call her an alternate.	neutral
Ross	Okay, hold my crawler.	neutral
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Rach, are you really gonna let him do this?	surprise
Rachel	Honey, he’s about to go hit on Isabella Rosselini. I’m just sorry we don’t got popcorn.	joy

Ross	Okay, that's, that's enough.	neutral
Ross	Won't you dance around with me.	neutral
Monica	A-ha!!!	surprise

Joey	Oh-oh-oh, yeah!  That's right, you take good care of those babies!	joy
Joey's Hand Twin	Excuse me?	surprise
Joey	It's me, Joey!	joy
Joey's Hand Twin	Do I know you?	surprise
Joey	Joey!	joy
Joey's Hand Twin	Oh-ho, yeah. Yeah, the hand guy.	neutral
Joey	Okay that’s fair.	neutral
Ross	All right.	neutral

Phoebe	Good!	neutral
Rachel	Pick one.	neutral
Phoebe	Left!  Thank you.	joy
Rachel	You’re welcome.	neutral
Phoebe	Ross!	surprise
Rachel	Joey!  We should just switch.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah absolutely!	joy

Phoebe	Rachel, we’re sorry for pushing those guys on you.	sadness
Rachel	Oh that’s all right!	joy
Rachel	Y’know, I ended up having a really good time.	joy
Rachel	Y’know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.	joy
Chandler	So what was it for anyway?	neutral
Rachel	I wanna say a disease.	neutral
Joey	Hey!	surprise
All	Hey!	surprise
Joey	I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God, look! That’s Elizabeth!	surprise
Rachel	Oh-oh Professor Geller.	neutral
Joey	Ahh, to be 13 again.	neutral

Ross	Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?	neutral
Joey	No! He blew us off!	anger
Ross	What?!	surprise
Joey	I know!	surprise
Ross	I can’t believe it.  Can I tell you something? I’m a little mad at him now.	anger
Joey	Can I tell you something? Me too.	anger
Ross	Y’know what? He didn’t want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don’t talk to him	anger
Joey	Ooooh! Freeze him out.	joy
Ross	That’s right!	joy
Joey	I like it!	joy

Elizabeth	Doorknob?	neutral
Ross	Yeah, it kinda grows on you.  Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.	neutral
Elizabeth	Oh good.	joy
Ross	Look, I…  Look, I’m having a great time with you and I just don’t want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us.	fear
Ross	So, I’m sorry I just don’t think we should go away together yet.	sadness
Ross	It’s-it’s too soon.	fear
Elizabeth	Ross, I think you misunderstood what I was saying. I just wanted to tell you that I’m going to Florida for a couple weeks.	surprise
Ross	No. I think you misunderstood what	surprise
Elizabeth	You are so adorable.	joy
Ross	That! Let’s talk about that.	joy

Chandler	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	How do you feel?	neutral
Chandler	Well, let’s just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, so I	neutral
Chandler	And protected them from a tornado?	neutral
Monica	Oh my God.	surprise
Phoebe	I know, the babies are asleep.	neutral
Monica	Phoebe, what, what happened here?!	surprise
Phoebe	I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!	joy
Monica	But my apartment!	surprise
Chandler	Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.	neutral
Monica	You’re right, you’re right I shouldn’t freak out.	neutral
Monica	‘Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies!	neutral
Monica	When will that be?	neutral
Chandler	Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!	anger

Joey	Hey Ross! The baby’s kicking!	joy
Ross	What?! It is?!	surprise
Rachel	It’s not kicking right now. Although we would love to see you do  that again.	joy
Ross	Hey, when-when was it kicking? What happened?	joy
Rachel	Last night! I just felt it and I went into Joey’s room and he was sleeping	joy
Joey	A dreamless sleep.	neutral

Rachel	So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!	joy
Kiki	Well, the biggest news is still you dumping Barry at the altar!	neutral
Joanne	Alright. Let's talk reality for a second.	neutral
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Joanne	When are you coming home?	neutral
Rachel	What? Guys, I'm not.	surprise
Joanne	C'mon, this is us.	neutral
Rachel	I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-	neutral
Kiki	Waitressing?	surprise
Rachel	Okay, I'm not just waitressing.	neutral
Rachel	I'm..	neutral
Rachel	I, um...	neutral
Rachel	I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh...	neutral
Rachel	I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.	sadness

Fireman No. 3	We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?	neutral
Rachel	So, um, will you bring the truck?	neutral
Fireman No. 3	I'll even let you ring the bell.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, my god.	surprise
Phoebe	See, there you go, the cleansing works!	joy
Monica	They're nice guys.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, they're firemen guys.	joy

Susan	Your son.	neutral
Ross	No-no-no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.	anger
Carol	Well, Jamie was the name of Susan's first girlfriend, so we went back to Jordie.	neutral
Ross	What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean,	surprise
Carol	Ow, ow, ow, ow, leg cramp, leg cramp, leg cramp.	anger
Ross	I got it.	neutral
Susan	I got it.	neutral
Ross	I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.	anger
Susan	No, you don't.	neutral
Carol	All right, that's it. I want both of you out.	anger
Ross	Why?	surprise
Susan	He started it!	anger
Ross	No, you started it.	anger
Carol	I don't care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and you're not making it any easier.	anger
Carol	Now go!	anger
Ross	Thanks a lot.	anger
Susan	See what you did.	anger
Ross	Yeah, listen...	neutral
Carol	Out	anger

Monica	Oh, and I can also speak a little French. Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?  Why? What did I say?	joy
Mischa	Well, you just asked if I wanted to go to bed with you tonight.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God! No wonder I get such great service at Cafe Maurice.	surprise
Phoebe	Knock, knock, knock, knock, hi.	neutral
Phoebe	Um, could you please tell Sergei that um, I was fascinated by what Boutros Boutros Gali said in the New York Times.	neutral
Phoebe	You didn’t say Boutros Boutros Gali.	neutral
Mischa	Boutros Boutros Gali.	neutral
Mischa	He says he was too.	neutral
Phoebe	Interesting.	neutral
Mischa	So I was wondering....	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, ah, before you get all talky again, umm, could you also please tell Sergei that I really like his suit.	joy
Mischa	Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun.	joy
Mischa	So you're a chef?	neutral
Monica	I’m also thinking about opening up my own restaurant.	joy
Mischa	Oh, really.	surprise
Phoebe	Monica, can I talk to you behind my menu, please.  What are you doing?	neutral
Monica	Well, I was having a conversation.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah but, Mischa is so interested in you, that Sergei and I haven’t been able to say two words to each other.	anger
Monica	What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?	anger
Phoebe	That would be great. Thank you.	neutral

Danny	so we finally get to the top of the mountain and airhead here  forgets the camera!	disgust
Joey	Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.	neutral
Chandler	When did that happen to you?!	surprise
Joey	Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture—I didn't have my camera!	neutral
Chandler	Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.	disgust
Krista	Oh, this is so good  you have got to try it.	joy
Danny	Oh, damn! I got it on my pants.	anger
Krista	Here, I'll get it.	neutral
Krista	We'd better take these pants off upstairs or that stain's gonna set.	neutral
Danny	Yep.  I'm gonna wear these on our date tonight.	joy
Rachel	Oh, great!	surprise
Chandler	Okay, bye!  Oh my God!!	joy
Monica	That was unbelievable!	surprise
Joey	Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.	sadness
Chandler	I don't believe they're brother and sister.	surprise
Joey	They're brother and sister!!!	surprise

The Director	Action!	neutral

Richard	I found the picture!	anger
Joey	What picture?!	surprise
Richard	The picture of my wife! In your pack!	anger
Joey	You went through my personal property?	anger
Richard	Why do have a picture of Paulette in your pack?!	anger
Joey	Because Vincent, we were lovers.  For two years!	anger
The Director	Cut! Wonderful!	joy
Joey	Great scene yeah?	joy
Richard	Oh you’re awesome! And, in that last speech? You soaked me.	joy
The Assistant Director	Here’s your call sheet for tomorrow.	neutral
Phoebe	I know.	neutral

Mrs. Geller	So Chandler, your parents must’ve been thrilled when you told them you were engaged.	joy
Chandler	Oh yeah, I should probably call them.	neutral
Mr. Geller	I remember when we first got engaged.	joy
Chandler	Oh, I don’t think I ever heard that story.	neutral
Mr. Geller	Well, I’d gotten Judy pregnant. I still don’t know how that happened.	joy
Mrs. Geller	You don’t know how that happened?! Your dog thought my diaphragm was a chew toy!	disgust
Chandler	What a sweet story.	neutral
Monica	Well, at least you’re not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party.	disgust
Mr. Geller	What?! They wanted a scary story!	surprise
Monica	Anyway, we’re really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we’ll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund.	joy
Monica	What?	surprise
Mrs. Geller	You tell her Jack, I can’t do it.	fear
Monica	What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don’t you?	surprise
Mr. Geller	We have it. Only now, we call it the beach house.	neutral

Phoebe	After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,	neutral
Monica	Did that!	joy
Phoebe	Grasp one of the linen strips by its ‘easy grab tab’ and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.	neutral
Monica	Okay.  Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!	surprise
Phoebe	Was it not pain-free?	surprise
Monica	No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.	disgust
Phoebe	Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don’t seem to think it’s that bad.	neutral
Monica	That’s because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid.	anger
Monica	But hey, y'know if you don’t believe me, please, by my guest.	neutral
Phoebe	Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!	surprise

Ross	Now umm, remember I’m still learning.	neutral
Ross	One, two, three, four!	neutral
Ross	You know the song! Sing along!	joy
Ross	So?	neutral
Chandler	No!	sadness

Phoebe	Oh my God! That’s David!	surprise
Monica	David who?	neutral
Phoebe	David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!	sadness
David	Oh my God!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, you say someone’s name enough, they turn around.	neutral
David	Phoebe?	surprise
Phoebe	David!  What-what are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in Russia?	surprise
David	Yeah, I’m just, I’m just in town for a conference. Umm,	neutral
Phoebe	Well… Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?	joy
David	Yeah. Well I-I got like thirty of them.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral

Ross	Yes! Santa's coming!	joy

Ross	Hey, uh, I’m really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.	sadness
Joey	It’s no big deal. Hey, y’know, you do what you gotta do. Right?	neutral
Ross	But hey, it’s not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides	neutral

Joey	Whatever.	neutral

Ross	Okay, Mon, back me up here.	neutral
Ross	Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right?	neutral
Ross	And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?	neutral
Monica	I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.	sadness
Joey	Look, Ross, really it’s-it’s no big deal.	neutral
Joey	Y’know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can’t be friends at work, then so be it.	sadness
Joey	Y’know, hey I understand.	neutral
Joey	Y’know?	neutral
Joey	Hey, when I’m in a play and you’re in the audience, I don’t talk to you, right?	neutral
Joey	So it’s y’know, it’s uh, it’s cool.	neutral
Joey	I’ll see you tomorrow.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, when we’re in the audience he doesn’t talk to us, but he does wave.	neutral

Chandler	You did look like an idiot.	joy
Joey	Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot.	neutral
Joey	All right?	neutral
Joey	Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?"	joy
Joey	And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"	joy
Ross	Yeah that's the same.	neutral
Monica	That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?	neutral
Monica	Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.	sadness
Chandler	Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about.	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, for me anyway.	sadness
Chandler	And of course, the Indians.	sadness
Monica	Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story!	anger

Phoebe	Hi, guys.	neutral
Rachel	Hi! Phoebe.	joy
Monica	Hi Phoebe.	neutral
Phoebe	I-I wanted to apologise if I—y’know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y’know it’s just the hormones, y’know.	sadness
Rachel	No we	neutral
Monica	Hormones.	neutral
Rachel	hormones, yeah.	neutral

Rachel	Your parents’?	neutral
Joshua	Yeah, they’re out of town.	neutral
Rachel	Ohh.	surprise
Joshua	Yeah-yeah, it’s this	neutral
Rachel	Yeah that works.	neutral
Joshua	They-they-they can smell fear.	fear

Doug	Bing! Ho! And the Bing-ette!	joy
Chandler	Honey, you remember my boss Doug right?	neutral
Monica	Yes, hi.	neutral
Doug	Hi. So good news, the divorce is final. I signed the papers this A.M.	joy
Chandler	I didn’t know you and Carol were getting divorced, I’m sorry.	sadness
Doug	Sorry? Finally chewed my leg out of that bear trap. Hey, congratulations to you guys though!	joy
Monica	No leg-chewing for us sir.	neutral
Doug	Oh well, give it time.	neutral
Doug	So the divorce, the marriage, we’ve got a lot to celebrate.	joy
Doug	How about we all go out to dinner tomorrow night?	neutral
Doug	Tomorrow night it is then, I should be out of court by six.	joy
Doug	They keep throwing these sexual harassment cases at me and I keep knocking them out of the park!	joy
Monica	Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow!	joy
Monica	Just so you know, we’re not seeing him tomorrow.	neutral
Monica	I-I cannot spend another evening with that man.	disgust
Monica	Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?	disgust
Chandler	No.	neutral
Monica	That’s because he wasn’t invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.	disgust
Chandler	Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts	disgust

Emeril	Now maybe you just like wanna but the whole duck in there! Who cares, y'know? Now I got the legs	neutral
Chandler	How many times have I told you guys, you	neutral
Monica	Hi Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Hey!	neutral
Monica	Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.	neutral
Chandler	Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.	sadness
Monica	William Sonoma	neutral
Chandler	Expect it in 4-6 weeks.	neutral
Chandler	Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.	neutral
Monica	Yeah, so?	neutral
Chandler	Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.	neutral
Monica	Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.	neutral
Chandler	Why?	surprise
Monica	Why?	neutral
Chandler	What's your point?	neutral

Joey	So uh, what’s your name?	neutral
Man	It's Jake.	neutral
Joey	Joey.  Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?	neutral
Jake	Yeah, big fan.	neutral
Joey	Me too! There’s a game on Tuesday, do you wanna go?	joy
Jake	Yeah that would be great! Let me make sure I’m not doing anything Tuesday.	joy

Carol	Ugh.  Ross!	disgust
Ross	Hi! Sorry I’m late. Were you sleeping?	neutral
Carol	Ahh, nooo!!	joy
Ross	Oh, great!	joy
Ross	Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery.	neutral
Ross	I got you the best one I could, ‘cause that’s not where you want to skimp.	neutral
Carol	You’re a genius, Ross.	joy
Ross	Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?	neutral
Carol	Okay, I’ll pay you tomorrow.	neutral
Ross	So they ah, they all took off, it was pretty hard watching them go, y'know?	sadness
Carol	Yeah, okay, bye.	neutral
Ross	So I’m gonna take off then!	neutral

Rachel	Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.	surprise
Danny	Oh wow, you look great! Glad you could make it.	joy
Rachel	Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.	neutral
Danny	Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, sure.  All right, whose court is the ball in now?	neutral
Monica	I thought there wasn't a ball?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!	neutral
Danny	Rachel, this is my friend Tom.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, go on! You telling people about me?	surprise
Danny	You two could really hit it off! I'm gonna go mingle.	joy
Tom	So you work at	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, okay, at ease solider!	neutral
Tom	I'm sorry?	surprise
Rachel	No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy.	neutral
Tom	I'm gonna go talk to uh, a friend.	sadness
Rachel	Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try."	disgust
Rachel	Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!	joy
Monica	I think I need a drink.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah!	joy

Joey	Hey, Pheebs?	neutral

Phoebe	No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!	anger
Joey	Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again.	sadness
Joey	And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready.	neutral
Joey	You really think I'm ready?	surprise
Phoebe	Uh-huh!	joy
Joey	Wow! Cool!	joy
Joey	Was the chord at least right	neutral
Phoebe	No!	anger

Jill	Well, this has been fun.	neutral
Chandler	Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.	joy
Jill	Well, goodbye Chandler. I had a great blackout.  See ya.	neutral
Chandler	Hi, um, I'm account number 7143457.	neutral
Chandler	And, uh, I don't know if you got any of that, but I would really like a copy of the tape.	neutral

Lecturer	We’re beginning to see a lot of layering of sheer fabrics and colours. For instance a sheer navy blouse over a pink....	neutral
Ross	I’m really glad we came.  You’re so pretty. I love you.	joy

Ross	Okay, that’s a fire. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.	neutral
Rachel	Excuse me, I’m sorry, I’m gonna have to call you back, I’ve got a Schemp in my office.	neutral
Rachel	What are you doing?	neutral
Ross	I’m sorry.	neutral
Ross	But ah, hey, oh, somebody’s off the phone, how ‘bout a glass of wine by the fire, I could get it going again.	neutral
Rachel	Ross you’re not listening to me, I don’t have time to stop.	neutral
Ross	Come on Rach, you don’t have what, ten minutes?	neutral
Rachel	I don’t have ten minutes!!	anger
Ross	What?  Sophie, does she have ten minutes?	neutral
Rachel	Hey, Ross!!! I told you I don’t!	anger
Ross	Don’t yell at me okay, this is the most I’ve seen you all week.	sadness
Rachel	Look, I cannot do this right now, okay, I’ve got a deadline, would you just go home, I’ll talk to you later.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, but wait...	neutral
Rachel	Good bye!	neutral
Sophie	Actually, that’s our three hole punch.	neutral

Monica	Oh yeah? When?	surprise
Chandler	I'll tell you what.	neutral
Chandler	When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?	neutral
Monica	Why won't I be married when I'm 40?	surprise
Chandler	Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.	neutral
Monica	Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?	anger
Chandler	No, no, no.	neutral
Monica	What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?	anger
Chandler	Uh, uh.	neutral
Monica	Well?	surprise
Chandler	Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack!	surprise
Rachel	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.	surprise
Monica	Did you go home and change?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?	neutral
Monica	No, I haven't seen him.	neutral
Rachel	Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here.  What if the baby needs him?	surprise
Chandler	Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, why?	neutral
Chandler	No reason.	neutral

Ross	I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you  a Merry Christmas!	joy
Monica	What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?	surprise

The Woman	Yes! Yes! Please, just give it to me!	joy
Chandler	Yeah, that’s her.	neutral
The Woman	Thank you.	neutral
Monica	It’s unbelievable! I-I can’t believe that sign didn’t work!	surprise
Chandler	Y’know what would work?	neutral
Chandler	Stop making candy!	anger
Chandler	You mean they like you.	neutral
Monica	Maybe.	neutral
Chandler	Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?	surprise
Monica	Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man?	anger

Monica	We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled ‘CUT!’	anger
Rachel	Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?	surprise
Monica	Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit.  Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!	joy
Rachel	‘Cos I was gonna say there’s no way you could’ve done the end the way you guys did it back then!	joy
Monica	What? We could do it!	surprise
Ross	I don’t know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.	joy
Monica	I can do it, okay? Come on, let’s go.	neutral
Monica and Ross	1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8	neutral
Monica	I can’t do it!	sadness
Chandler	Now you do that, you’re on TV.	neutral

Joey	Hey!	joy
The Vendor	So, what are you guys in the market for? We’ve got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...	neutral
Joey	Check this out? Huh?  Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?	neutral
Chandler	Well, I don’t have to buy that, "I’m with stupid" T-shirt anymore.	neutral
Joey	Well, I like it. Here you go.	neutral
Chandler	All right, look, you’re not really gonna buy that are you? Don’t you think you’ve embarrassed me enough for one day?	anger
Joey	Oh, I embarrass you?	surprise
Chandler	How can I answer that when I’m pretending I don’t know you?	neutral
Chandler	Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?	neutral
The Vendor	They’re all tourists.	neutral
Chandler	All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y’know, you’re gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.	disgust
Joey	Oh yeah?  If you’re gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat.	neutral
The Vendor	Good choice.	anger
Joey	Thanks.	joy
Chandler	Okay, wait. All right, that’s it, okay, I’m out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore!	anger

Monica	So! I'm just an empty vase, huh?	surprise
Julio	What?	surprise
Monica	Y'know, so I don't read as many important books as you do, and I don't write trick poems that seem to be about one thing but are actually about something else.	anger
Monica	And y'know what, I get excited about stupid stuff, like when I my	neutral
Julio	Whoa, whoa, whoa.	surprise
Monica	You don't even know me...	anger
Julio	Whoa, whoa, whoa, the poem is not about you.	surprise
Monica	What?	surprise
Julio	The Empty Vase is not about you. My baby, you make me so sad that you would think this.	sadness
Monica	I'm sorry, my friend Phoebe...	sadness
Julio	No, it's about all women. Well, all American women. You feel better now?	neutral
Monica	Oh yeah.	neutral

Ross	Okay, forward. Forward—Stop!  Okay, back—Stop!  Okay, forward—Stop! Stop! Stop!	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, here’s what we’re gonna do.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, I’m gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral.	neutral
Phoebe	You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay?	neutral
Phoebe	All right, here we go.	neutral
Phoebe	Haul ass!!!	neutral

Ross	So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain.	neutral
Ross	So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...	neutral
Janine	...and live forever as a machine!	joy
Ross	That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now?	joy
Ross	You and I, we're interfacing.	neutral
Janine	Yeah, I gotta go.	fear
Chandler	Ba dum bumb cheshhh!	joy

Monica	David, can you help me?! I'm trying to explain to Chandler how a plane stays in the air.	neutral
David	Oh, certainly. That's a combination of Bernoulli's principle and Newton's third law of motion.	neutral
Monica	See?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, that's the same as "it has something to do with wind".	fear
Monica	Alright, I'm gonna go pick up a few things for the trip.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, I should go, too.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, now... tomorrow do you guys wanna share a cab to the airport or should Mike and I just meet you there.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh... Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight, he's gonna be there.	anger
Phoebe	And she was like "Oh, don't worry!	sadness
Phoebe	I asked him.	neutral
Phoebe	He's totally ok with seeing you!".	anger
Phoebe	So now I have to go so he'll think that I'm totally ok with seeing him!	joy
Rachel	Which you're not, because you've totally hung up on him!	anger
Phoebe	Exactly!	neutral
Rachel	And you're gonna want him to eat his heart out so you're gonna have to look fabulous!	neutral
Phoebe	I didn't even think about that!  Aaargh,	anger
Rachel	Hey Pheebs, I'm-I'm taking Charlie shopping, why don't you come and I'll help you find something.	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, that'll be great!	joy
Joey	Oh, ain't that nice? The three of you trying on slutty lingerie together.	disgust
Rachel	That's not what we're gonna do!	disgust
Joey	Why would you ruin it, who was that hurtin'?	disgust

Chandler	Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.	joy
Julie	Hello Skidmark.	neutral
Chandler	It’s a nickname, I’ll explain later.	neutral
Monica	It’s pretty clear.	neutral
Chandler	Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.	neutral
Julie	That’s why you broke up with me?	surprise
Chandler	You-you-you didn’t know that.  Well, I guess my work here is done!	sadness

Ross	Ni-chou chi-ma!	joy
Rachel	Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me....	surprise

Ross	Hi everyone.	neutral
Ross	I just, I wanted to thank you for our uh, our little talk before.	neutral
Ross	Well, I was going to, but after I talked to you, I talked to Joey.	neutral
Rachel	What did, what did he say?	fear
Ross	Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know.	neutral
Ross	So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, great!	joy
Phoebe	We couldn’t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y’know, he’d kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck.	joy
Monica	Okay, stop it Phoebe, you’re getting me all tingly.	joy
Phoebe	All I could think of was y’know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"	joy
Monica	And did he?	neutral
Phoebe	I’m a lady Monica, I don’t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself.	joy
Monica	Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.	neutral
Phoebe	I just like him so much that I just feel like I’ve had 10 drinks today and I’ve only had six.	joy
Monica	Oh, I haven’t had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler.	joy
Monica	Wow, I’m never gonna have that feeling again, am I?	sadness
Phoebe	You sound like a guy.	disgust
Monica	No, a guy would be saying, "I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else."	disgust
Monica	Oh my God!	surprise
Monica	I’m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else!	sadness
Monica	I’ve been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I’d be giving up!	surprise
Monica	I mean, I…I’m never gonna have a first kiss again.	sadness
Phoebe	You’ll have a last kiss.	neutral

Ross	Thank you so much for coming back over.	joy
Mona	Oh good, you’re here. Yeah, and I was worried that it was going to be uncomfortable.	sadness
Rachel	I know Mona, just hear me out.	neutral
Rachel	First of all, I’m so sorry about my father yelling at you, but I heard you totally held your own.	neutral
Rachel	You’re gonna have to tell me how you did that.	neutral
Ross	Focus.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. Um…But—Okay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are gonna have a baby. But we are	neutral

Joey	All right where’s that turkey!	neutral
Phoebe	Joey! Those are my maternity pants!	surprise
Joey	Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants!	joy

Phoebe	No.	neutral
Phoebe	No!	anger
Phoebe	Oh, would you look at that Monica?	joy
Phoebe	I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.	joy
Monica	Okay, I’m next.  Don’t! Don’t start another game! I said I’m next! Phoebe!	anger
Phoebe	Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t hear you over all the winning.	joy
Monica	Chandler! Phoebe’s hogging the game!	anger

Rachel	Remember I had to leave the room the other day when you had that roast chicken?	neutral
Joey	Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.	neutral
Monica	Anyway, it just doesn’t seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It’s a lot of work.	neutral
Joey	But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving!	joy
Joey	I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie!	sadness
Joey	Or Friday with no two pizzas!	sadness
Monica	All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just—there’s gonna be a ton left over.	sadness
Joey	No there won’t! I promise I will finish that turkey!	joy
Monica	All right, you’re telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?	neutral
Joey	That’s right!	joy
Joey	‘Cause I’m a Tribbiani!	joy
Joey	And this is what we do!	neutral
Joey	We can eat!	joy

Phoebe	Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.	surprise
Chandler	Look at this!	joy
Phoebe	Oh! You have a window!	surprise
Chandler	Yes indeedy!  With a beautiful view of...	joy
Phoebe	Oh look! That guy's peeing!	surprise
Monica	Hi.	neutral
Rachel	Hi.	neutral

Rachel	Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?	anger
Rachel	Okay. Let’s use this brush.	neutral
Ross	Okay. This stuff?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	All right.	neutral
Rachel	Careful. Light. Okay, do you know how, just sweep it across the lid. Okay? Just sweep it.	neutral
Joey	Okay-Dokey	sadness

Ross	Where exactly is your zoo?	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience.	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, Marcel?	neutral
Ross	Yes.	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Does he, uh, fight with other animals?	neutral
Ross	No-no, he's, he's very docile.	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Even if he were... cornered?	neutral
Ross	Well I, I don't know. Why?	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Uh, how is he at handling small objects?	neutral
Ross	He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	How about a hammer, or a small blade?	neutral
Dr. Baldhara	Otherwise it's just cruel.	neutral
Joey	He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.	joy
Joey	We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...	neutral
Chandler	...He's in.	neutral
Ross	He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego!	joy
Dr. Baldhara	You're making a big mistake here.	disgust
Dr. Baldhara	I mean, San Diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, I'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.	neutral

Chandler	My specimen is in the    room and I just want to thank whoever knocked on the door while I was in there.	neutral
Chandler	Really helped speed the process along!	joy
Chandler	Janice!	surprise
Chandler	You're not... gone?	surprise
Janice	Sid is still in his room.	neutral
Janice	I don't allow porn at home so    this is like a vacation for him.	joy
Janice	So did you do it?	surprise
Janice	Did you make your deposit?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah! yeah... The hard part is over!	joy
Janice	That's not the hard part honey! The hard part is what comes    next, I mean aren't you worried about the results?	fear
Chandler	I haven't... I haven't even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.	joy
Janice	Oh! Well, you know what? It probably is.	neutral

Monica	Phoebe, where's your purse?	fear
Monica	No, no! Give it to me!	anger
Phoebe	You can't have it.	anger
Monica	Give it to me!	anger
Phoebe	No	anger
Monica	I'll go in there.	anger
Phoebe	Oh yeah.	anger
Monica	Phoebe come here	neutral
Monica	Haha!	joy
Phoebe	Damn you Monica Geller hyphen Bing!	anger

Monica	What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.	disgust
Young Ethan	I just had sex.	neutral
Monica	Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?	surprise
Young Ethan	Well, you never told me how old you were.	neutral
Monica	Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?	disgust
Young Ethan	I wasn't thinking. I was too busy fallin'...	joy
Monica	Don't say it.	fear
Young Ethan	...in love with you.	joy
Monica	Really?	surprise
Young Ethan	Sorry.	sadness
Monica	Well,fall out of it.	anger
Monica	You know, you shouldn't even be here, it's a school night.	anger
Monica	Oh god, oh god.	joy
Monica	I'm like those women that you see with shiny guys named Chad.	disgust
Monica	I'm Joan Collins.	disgust
Young Ethan	Who?	neutral

Rachel	That’s right, still no baby!  Come on people! Please make some room!	sadness
Ross	Uh sweetie, maybe you’d be more comfortable here?	neutral
Rachel	You. Like you haven’t done enough.	anger
Ross	Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do.	neutral
Ross	I mean I wish I were a seahorse.	neutral
Ross	Because with seahorses it’s the male, they carry the babies.	neutral
Ross	And then also umm, I’d be far away in the sea.	anger
Rachel	God.  I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life!	joy
Phoebe	Oh I know, I’ve been there. I remember toward the end	neutral
Rachel	Oh Phoebe, that’s a great story.	neutral
Rachel	Can you tell it to me when you’re getting me some iced tea?	sadness
Rachel	Oh God, get out!	anger
Rachel	Get out!!	anger
Rachel	Get out!!	anger
Rachel	Get out!	anger
Chandler	Let’s.	neutral

Joey	All right, I know! I know. Yeah, it’ll be okay.	joy
Rachel	Oh my God….What’s he gonna do now?	fear
Rachel	I can’t watch!	fear
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Rachel	Seriously, how can you watch this?	sadness
Rachel	Aren’t you scared?	fear
Joey	Terrified.	fear

Chandler	Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!	joy
Monica	Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse?	surprise
Chandler	Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine.	neutral
Chandler	I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.	neutral
Monica	Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I	neutral
Chandler	Fine! Maybe I will too!	joy

Dr. Leedbetter	Well, it was quite large. I-I-I-I-I had to throw most of it away.	fear
Ross	You-you-you-you  threw my sandwich away!	fear
Ross	MY SANDWICH?!!!	anger
Ross	MY SANDWICH!!!!!!	anger

Joey	What’s the matter, Pheebs?	neutral
Phoebe	She cancelled! My namesake cancelled on me!	anger
Joey	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah, she clamed she had to go out of town suddenly.	sadness
Phoebe	She’s avoiding me, she doesn’t want to tell me where my Father is.	sadness
Phoebe	She knows, and she won’t tell me.	sadness
Rachel	Aww Pheebs, that sucks!	sadness
Phoebe	Yeah, well, don’t “Aww Pheebs, that sucks!” me yet.	sadness
Chandler	Where ya going?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, she’s out of town so, there’s gotta be something in her house that tells me where my Father is.	neutral
Ross	Uh, Pheebs, some people call that breaking and entering.	fear
Phoebe	Well, are any of those people here?!	anger

Phoebe	Oh my God, so do I!	surprise
Phoebe Sr.	I knew it, wow!!	surprise
Phoebe	Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly?	neutral
Phoebe Sr.	Ohh, so cute.	joy
Phoebe	Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I’m-I’m mad at you.	anger
Phoebe Sr.	I know. I’m mad at me too.	anger
Phoebe	Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I’m kinda hungry.	neutral
Phoebe Sr.	Hey! Me too!	surprise
Phoebe	All right, stop it. Now you’re just doing it to freak me out.	sadness

Phoebe	Ok, you can do this.	neutral
Phoebe	It's just like pulling off a Band-aid.	neutral
Phoebe	Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed.	neutral
Chandler	Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.	sadness
Janice	All right. Well, there you go.  Stop it, stop it, stop it.	anger

Phoebe	Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!	surprise
Monica	Really?  My God, he’s really cute.	surprise
Phoebe	Go for it.	neutral
Monica	Phoebe, I’m engaged!	surprise
Phoebe	I’m just saying, get his number just in case.	neutral
Phoebe	But no: Chandler is in an accident and can’t perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill.	neutral
Monica	Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I’m engaged.	joy
Monica	Well you should be embarrassed.	disgust
Phoebe	I did, but that was really fun.	joy

Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Ross	Chandler. I sensed it was you.	neutral
Chandler	What?!	surprise
Ross	Unagi. I’m always aware.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, are you aware unagi  is an eel?	joy
Ross	What’s up?	neutral
Chandler	I can’t figure out what to make Monica.	neutral
Ross	Oh, why don’t you make her one of your little jokes.	anger
Chandler	I’m going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?	fear
Ross	Y’know what?	neutral
Ross	She’d-she’d love this.	neutral
Ross	Uh, it’s an exact replica of Apollo 8.	neutral
Ross	I made it in the sixth grade.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.	neutral
Ross	Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn’t actually land on the moon.	neutral
Ross	But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely.	joy
Chandler	Wait a minute, I can’t give this to her.	neutral
Ross	Why not?	neutral
Chandler	Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.	neutral

Janice	Oh. Oh I just cannot believe Clark stood me up!	anger
Monica	He might still show up.	neutral
Janice	Oh, what are you, stupid? It’s been three hours.	anger
Monica	Is that all?	neutral
Janice	I should just go on to happier things, okay? Umm, why don’t you tell about your lovely wedding?	sadness

Chandler	Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding.	neutral

Chandler	Um, it’s going to be a small ceremony.	neutral

Chandler	Uh, tiny!	surprise
Chandler	We’re not even sure why we’re having it.	neutral

Monica	It’s actually going to be just family.	neutral
Janice	Oh…wait…you two think of me as family?! Oh, I have to ask you something now and be honest; do you want me to sing	surprise

Ross	Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.	neutral
Rachel	Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.	joy
Ross	Oh great! What, you brought Joey?	joy
Rachel	Well, I brought the next best thing.	neutral

Rachel	Whoa!  Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much.	surprise
Katie	Ohh, Joey has the nicest friends!	joy
Rachel	Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend!	joy
Katie	You're so sweet!	joy
Rachel	Ohh, you're so sweet!	joy
Katie	Oww!!!! Joey, she just kicked me.	surprise
Joey	Huh.	neutral
Katie	Well? Aren't you gonna do something?	neutral
Joey	Uhh….	neutral
Katie	You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?	anger
Joey	Nah.	neutral

Phoebe	How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape—, a rapist or a killer or something!	fear
Joey	Don’t you think I asked him that before he got in?!	surprise
Phoebe	Y’know what? I’m not talking to you! You go back to sleep!  And you, are you a rapist?!	anger
Hitchhiker	No!	anger
Phoebe	Do you like car games?	neutral
Hitchhiker	Yeah, y’know the license plate game?	neutral
Phoebe	I	neutral
Joey	Ooh, I’ll play! I’ll play!	joy
Phoebe	No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh!	anger

Chandler	Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica?	neutral
Chandler	I can’t figure this out!	anger
Chandler	It’s so hard!	sadness
Chandler	Should I get her a  Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a—ah-ah!	sadness
Chandler	Paper cut!	sadness
Phoebe	Now, have you told anyone else?	neutral
Chandler	No, I don’t want to tell anybody else because I don’t want Monica to find out.	neutral
Phoebe	You told me.	surprise
Chandler	Well, it’s because I trust you, you’re one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.	anger
Phoebe	Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn’t been on the toilet.	surprise
Chandler	Me too.	neutral
Joey	Hey.	neutral
Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse?	joy
Chandler	Oh all right.	neutral
Ross	Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.	neutral
Chandler	Oh well, we don’t because we got…the…other pl-place.	neutral
Ross	How rude.	disgust
Joey	Oh, I’m sorry. You wanna bite?	surprise

Joey	The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!	surprise
Chandler	What?	surprise
Joey	The ring is gone!	surprise
Chandler	Ugh.	disgust
Chandler	Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this—Ah-ha-ha!!	neutral
Chandler	You lost the ring!	joy
Chandler	You’re the worst best man ever!	anger
Joey	Dude, this isn’t funny!	anger
Joey	What am I gonna do?!	fear
Joey	I go to bed last night, everything’s cool!	joy
Joey	I wake up this morning, the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!	fear
Chandler	You slept with the stripper?	surprise
Joey	Of course!!	fear

Ross	What difference does that make?!	anger
Joey	Well, I'm just—if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!	anger
Rachel	Joey, do you have a minute?	neutral
Ross	Dude, what am I gonna	fear
Joey	Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out.	anger
Rachel	Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!	fear
Joey	Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have	neutral
Joey	What-what is it, what is it?	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.	surprise
Joey	Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!	fear
Rachel	Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!	anger
Joey	I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!	disgust
Rachel	What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?	surprise
Joey	And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!	disgust
Rachel	I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone	fear
Joey	I'm not listening to you!	anger

Rachel	Oh! Yay! Look! There’s a piece that doesn’t have floor on it!	joy
Rachel	Hey, come on now!	anger
Joey	All right, what are we havin’?	neutral

Joey	Uhh, I don’t believe in these crazy diets y’know, just everything in moderation.	neutral
Joey	I’ll take those to go.  For the kids.	neutral
The Interviewer	Oh, I know what I wanted to ask you. You were on the show years ago and then they killed you off. What happened there?	neutral
Joey	It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn’t have said.	anger
Joey	But believe me, that’s not gonna happen today.	neutral
The Interviewer	Understood. So, what’d you say back then?	neutral
Joey	Well, I said that I	neutral

Rachel	Ha!	neutral
Phoebe	So you like the drums!	joy
Phoebe	That's, that's great!	joy
Phoebe	Y’know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation.	neutral
Phoebe	All right, okay, well, apparently not!	sadness
Phoebe	So, yay!	joy
Joey	Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song.  Ready? One, two, three, four...	neutral
Joey	Tequila!!	joy
Phoebe	That's fun.	joy

Joey	Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?	surprise
Rachel	Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.	sadness
Joey	I’m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.	anger
Monica	Joey, please don’t do that. I think it’s best that we just forget about it.	fear
Rachel	That’s easy for you to say, you weren’t almost just killed.	anger
Joey	All right that’s it, school is in session!	neutral
Monica	My God! Is this a gym card?	surprise
Chandler	Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I’ve missed the last 1200 times.	neutral
Ross	So why don’t you quit?	neutral
Chandler	You don’t think I’ve tried? You think I	joy
Ross	Who is Maria?	neutral
Chandler	Oh Maria. You can’t say no to her, she’s like this lycra spandex covered gym…treat.	joy
Ross	You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?	neutral
Chandler	No!	anger
Ross	So you’re strong enough to face her on your own?	neutral
Chandler	Oh no, you’ll have to come.	fear

Rachel	Pheebs, I don’t think anyone's mad about that.	neutral
Phoebe	Exactly! Because it's in the past!	anger
Joey	Anybody gonna eat that?	neutral

Joey	Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Joey	Listen, you know how uh, when you’re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah!	neutral
Joey	Well, when Jake did it I saw that…he was wearing women’s underwear!	surprise
Phoebe	I know. They were mine.	neutral
Joey	Oh.  No! No wait, that’s weird!	disgust
Phoebe	No, it’s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.	neutral
Joey	That’s weird!	disgust
Phoebe	I’m wearing his briefs right now.	neutral
Joey	That’s…kinda hot.	surprise

Phoebe	I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.	joy
Joey	Yeah, I wouldn’t know about that.	neutral
Phoebe	And! Y’know what Jake says? That women’s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.	joy

Joey	Yeah well next thing you know, he’ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!	disgust
Phoebe	There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I’m thinking even more than you.	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink lacys.	disgust
Phoebe	I’m just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women’s underwear!	neutral
Phoebe	I don’t think you could ever do that.	neutral
Joey	Hey! I	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, whatever.	disgust

Phoebe	Lusts of the flesh.	neutral
Rachel	What?	neutral
Phoebe	I don’t know.  A cowboy theme?	neutral

Joey	Hey uh, is it okay to come in?	neutral
Rachel	Of course! Oh Joey, this ring I…it’s beautiful I love it!	joy
Joey	Yeah uh look Rach, there’s something I gotta tell ya.	neutral
Rachel	Hey!	joy
Nurse	Hey! Are you ready to try nursing again?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she won’t take my  breast?	neutral
Nurse	It’s all right honey, it takes some babies a while to get it,  but don’t worry. It’ll happen.	neutral
Joey	Yowza	anger
Rachel	Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your  mouth.	neutral
Joey	Dear Lord.	surprise
Rachel	I’m sorry honey, what were you saying?	neutral
Joey	Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that…	neutral
Rachel	Do you think my nipples are  too big for her mouth?	neutral
Rachel	She looks scared.	neutral
Rachel	Doesn’t she  look scared?	neutral
Joey	Y’know, I don’t really know her.	neutral

Chandler	Can you see my nipples through this shirt?	neutral
Rachel	No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.	neutral
Phoebe	Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?	neutral
Chandler	Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo.  I added the "a-gogo."	neutral

Joey	Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...	sadness
Joey	No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me.	anger
Joey	The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.	neutral
Chandler	Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a...	anger
Joey	Pathetic mess?	neutral
Joey	I know, but—come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable.	neutral
Joey	I'm thinkin', cha-ching!	joy
Joey	Thanks.	neutral
Joey	Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice.	neutral
Joey	You're doin' this.	neutral
Ross	Hi. She said yes.	neutral
Chandler	Yes! Way to go, man!  Still got the egg, huh?	joy

Joey	"Happy birthday to you!"	joy
Gunther	You’re paying for that.	neutral
Joey	What? No-no it’s her birthday!	surprise
Gunther	You’ve sung Happy Birthday to 20 different women today!	surprise
Joey	But it really	neutral
Gunther	You are no longer authorized to distribute birthday muffins.	neutral
Joey	Damnit!	anger
Ross	Rach? Hi!	joy
Rachel	Hi!	joy
Ross	Did you tell your sister to ask me out?	neutral
Rachel	Well yeah	neutral
Ross	Oh wow!	surprise
Ross	I mean, wow!	surprise
Ross	I mean, I-I-I think she’s cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!	neutral
Rachel	Really?!	surprise
Ross	Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"	joy
Rachel	Oh so-so not really never.	neutral
Ross	I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am.	neutral
Ross	I mean after all we’ve been through, I just—y’know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate.	neutral
Ross	Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.	neutral
Joey	Oh-ho, and mine!	joy

Phoebe	No-no wait-wait! I can’t just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.	fear
Earl	Well…I only have one thing to do today.  I guess I could push it back.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?	sadness
Earl	It’s just that I uh, have been working for ten years now at this meaningless, dead-end job and nobody here even knows I exist!	sadness
Phoebe	Chandler?	neutral

Earl	I-I’m sorry?	sadness

Phoebe	No look, I-I’m sure that people know you exist!	sadness
Earl	Oh yeah?	sadness

Earl	I work in a cubicle surrounded by people.	neutral
Earl	I’ve been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no one’s even looked up from their desk.	sadness
Earl	Hang-hang on.	neutral
Earl	Hey everybody!	neutral
Earl	Uh, I’m gonna kill myself!	sadness
Earl	I got nothing.	neutral

Joey	Apparently, there’s like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there’s only this one robot and this one guy who controls it!	surprise
Joey	I didn’t know he could get me fired!	surprise
Joey	What am I going to do?	fear
Monica	Well y’know Joey, you’re a pretty charming guy.	neutral
Joey	Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.	fear
Monica	No sweetie, you’ve got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You’ve got to kiss some serious robot ass!	neutral
Joey	That’s not a bad idea.	neutral
Joey	Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I’m not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys.	neutral
Joey	Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs.	joy
Chandler	So do you think uh, Joey’s more charming than me?	neutral
Monica	Yeah! That’s why I’m sleeping with him on the side.	sadness
Chandler	Yeah, you wish.	neutral
Phoebe	"You wish."	joy

Paul	Why are you yelling?	joy
Rachel	Whoa, that	neutral

Joey	Whoa-whoa, what is it?	surprise
Phoebe	Well… It’s a date.	neutral
Joey	A date?!	surprise
Joey	No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn’t schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!	surprise
Phoebe	Come on Joey, don’t make me feel badly about this.	sadness
Joey	No, I’m gonna!!	anger
Joey	That’s right!	anger
Joey	Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin’ out with that girl!	anger
Joey	Like-like-like I did something terrible to you!	anger
Joey	And now Pheebs, you’re doing the same thing!	anger
Phoebe	That—It’s not the same thing! This is	anger
Joey	Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!	anger
Phoebe	She was?	surprise
Joey	Well, she graduated from high school!	anger
Phoebe	Okay, whatever.	joy
Phoebe	Y’know what?	neutral
Phoebe	I don’t have time to convince you because he’s only here for four hours, and I’m gonna go see him!	anger
Joey	Fine!	anger
Phoebe	Yeah!	anger
Joey	Fine!	anger
Phoebe	Yeah!	anger
Joey	What are you still doin’ here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!	anger

Ross	Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway.	neutral
Susan	Hi.	neutral
Carol	Ross, you remember Susan.	neutral
Ross	How could I forget?	surprise
Susan	Ross.	neutral
Ross	Hello, Susan.  Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?	anger
Carol	Dr. Oberman.	neutral
Ross	..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-	neutral
Susan	She.	neutral
Ross	-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?	neutral
Carol	Yes, and she's very supportive.	neutral
Ross	Okay, that's great.  No, I'm- Oh.	joy
Carol	Thanks.	neutral
Ross	Quack, quack..	neutral
Carol	Ross? That opens my cervix.	surprise
Rachel	Barry?	surprise
Barry	C'mon in.	neutral
Rachel	Are you sure?	surprise
Barry	Yeah! It's fine, it's fine. Robbie's gonna be here for hours.	neutral
Robbie	Huh?!	surprise
Barry	So, how ya doin?	neutral

Monica	Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.	neutral
Monica	Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming.  Uh, just a second!	joy
Phoebe	No-no, let me in!	anger
Monica	Phoebe?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah!	joy
Monica	Can you just hold on for one minute?	neutral
Phoebe	No, you have to let me in right now!!	joy
Monica	Are you alone?	neutral
Phoebe	Yes!	joy
Monica	All right.	neutral

Monica	Let go!	anger
Ross	No! You let go!	anger
Ross	How come it’s always us left in the field holding the ball?	joy
Monica	I don’t know. I guess the other people just don’t care enough.	neutral
Ross	Hey! It’s starting to snow.	sadness
Ross	Gimme the this!	anger
Monica	Let go!	anger

Joey	Y'know what?	neutral
Chandler	Umm?	neutral
Joey	I bet ‘ya ya I could fit in there.	neutral
Chandler	I’ve got five bucks says you can’t.	neutral

Joey	Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too.	joy
Lydia	Knick fan?	neutral
Joey	Oh, yeah.	neutral
Lydia	Oh, boy, do they suck.	anger
Joey	Hey, listen, lady.......whoa.	surprise
Lydia	Look, look at your man, Ewing. Nice shot. You know what, he couldn't hit water if he was standing on a boat.	disgust
Joey	Oh yeah? And who do you like?	neutral
Lydia	The Celtics.	neutral
Joey	The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?	disgust
Lydia	Oh, shut up. You know, it's a rebuilding year. You... waah!	anger
Joey	Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!	anger
Lydia	There is no father.	neutral
Joey	Oh, oh, oh, sorry.	fear
Joey	Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.	neutral
Lydia	Ok.	neutral

Barry	Sweetheart, just gimme- gimme another chance, okay, we'll start all over again. We'll go back to Aruba.	fear
Bernice	Dr. Farber, we've got a bit of an emergency here...Jason Costalano is choking on his retainer.	fear
Barry	Oh God...	fear
Barry	I'll be right there, Bernice.	neutral
Barry	Look, please, please don't go anywhere, okay?	fear
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	Okay, we'll be here!	neutral
Rachel	Hating you!	anger
Rachel	Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there?	surprise
Rachel	Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels	neutral
Mindy	Yeah... I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna marry him.	joy
Rachel	What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!	disgust
Mindy	Look, I know he's not perfect, but the truth is, at the end of the day, I still really wanna be Mrs. Dr. Barry Farber, D.D.S.	neutral
Rachel	Oh God.	surprise
Mindy	I hope you can find some way to be happy for me. And I hope you'll still be my maid of honor...?	fear
Rachel	And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba.	sadness

Phoebe	Listen, Robert’s gonna be here any second so, will one of you just tell him?	neutral
Ross	Oh.	sadness
Phoebe	Please, right now, no, every time I see him it’s like ‘Is it on the lose?’ ‘Is it watching me?’	fear
Chandler	We can’t tell him, you can’t go up to a guy you barely know and talk about his.... stuff.	anger
Ross	He’s right, even if it’s to say something complementary.	neutral
Robert	Hey!	surprise
Phoebe	Hey.	neutral
Robert	So are ready for the gym? They’ve got this new rock climbing wall, we can spot each other.	neutral
Phoebe	No, I can spot you from here.	neutral
Robert	What?	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, listen Robert...	neutral

Phoebe	I don’t have time for this.	anger
Monica	No, that is what the game is.	neutral

Phoebe	Which you just gave up really quickly.	neutral
Chandler	Have you seen Joey?	neutral
Monica	What’s the matter?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, just this!  Y’know what it’s my fault really, because the couch is usually where we	neutral
Joey	Hey, does somebody wanna hand me one of those tiles.	neutral
Chandler	What’s going on?	surprise
Monica	He’s retiling my floor.	neutral
Chandler	Yo!! Spackel boy! Get up!	neutral
Monica	Ah-ah-ah, now you started this, you will finish it.	anger
Chandler	He started mine first!	anger
Phoebe	Build the unit Cinderelly, lay the tile Cinderelly.	anger

Chandler	Come on Chloe! Finish up with your customer first. Come on Chloe! Come on Chloe!!	joy
Issac	Can I help you?	neutral
Chandler	Uh-oh.	fear
Joey	Uh, y'know what, we’re having second thoughts about our copying needs. And we’ll need a little more time to think about it.	neutral
Issac	Chloe, switch with me, there’s some guys here that got a crush on you.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, that hurt us.	joy
Chloe	Hi guys. I haven’t seen you since this morning.	neutral
Chandler	Well ah, ........y'know.	neutral
Chloe	Hey, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?	neutral
Joey	Both of us?	surprise
Chloe	Maybe. Does that scare ya?	neutral
Chloe	Relax. It’s just Issac’s D.J.-ing at the Philly. You should come.	neutral
Joey	We’ll be there.	joy
Chloe	Great. I’ll ah, see ya then.	joy
Chandler	All right, rock on.	joy

Ross	Umm, candles, champagne, yeah anniversaries are great.	joy
Ross	‘Cause you know love lasts forever, y'know.	joy
Ross	Nothing like it in this lifetime, money in the bank, so Rachel and I broke up.	sadness
Carol	Oh God, Ross I am so sorry.	joy
Carol	Y'know what, I want to talk to you about this so much, but we should probably do it when we could really get into it, are you free for dinner tomorrow night?	neutral
Ross	Oh yeah, I’d love that.	joy
Carol	Oh, great! Me too.	joy
Ross	I guess it all started when Rachel got this new job.	neutral

Ross	And why do you care so much?	neutral
Monica	Because! You could get to live out my fantasy!	joy
Ross	You had fantasies about Emily?	sadness
Monica	No! Y’know,	neutral
Ross	Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?	neutral
Monica	Yeah that, plus his mom used to put sour cream on everything!	neutral
Monica	Do you love her?	neutral
Ross	We said it was only going to be two weeks, y’know?	neutral
Monica	You love her!	surprise
Ross	What-what is love really?	neutral
Monica	Ohhh, I	neutral
Ross	I am a good kisser.	neutral
Monica	Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in…  I’ve been watching too much porn.	neutral

Supervisor	So basically this is very easy. You read from the script and try to sell as much toner as you possibly can.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I	joy
Supervisor	Why don’t we do a trial run.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh okay. Umm, all right.  Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?	neutral
Supervisor	I’m the supply manager.	neutral
Phoebe	Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.	neutral

Chandler	Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! (She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to	joy
Kathy	Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?	surprise
Chandler	Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"	joy
Kathy	Hey!	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?	neutral
Monica	Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, it’s just that maternity clothes are so expensive.	joy
Monica	Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just……throw your purses at it.	sadness
Rachel	Bloomingdale’s	neutral
Monica	Oh my God, are you out of a job?	surprise
Rachel	No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a	sadness

Phoebe	Okay!	neutral
Monica	Come on, no peeking!	joy
Chandler	Our eyes are closed and we’re about to cross the street. Very good.	joy
Phoebe	Okayyyyy, open up!	joy
Ross	What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, it’s for our catering business!	joy
Joey	I think I know that girl.	neutral
Monica	All right, umm, we’re not gonna really keep it this way though.	joy
Rachel	No?	surprise
Phoebe	No, we’re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.	neutral
Rachel	Oh!	surprise
Phoebe	And also, we don’t know what to do with this.	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah, I definitely know her.	neutral

Ross	You don’t know?! Rach, you balded my girlfriend!	neutral
Rachel	All right! Ross, do you think it’s easy for me to see you with somebody else?	anger
Ross	Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?	anger
Rachel	Yeah, because I was	neutral
Ross	You still love me?	sadness
Rachel	Noo.	sadness
Ross	You still love me.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, y-yeah, so, you-you love me!	surprise
Ross	Noo, nnnnn. What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?	surprise
Rachel	Noo!	anger
Rachel	Maybe!	surprise
Rachel	I, I don’t know.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, I still can’t forgive you for what you did, I can’t, I just, but sometimes when I’m with you I just, I feel so...	sadness
Ross	What?!	sadness
Rachel	I just, I feel, I-I just...	neutral
Ross	What?	neutral
Rachel	I feel...	neutral
Chandler	Noo!! I don’t care! I’m not, I’m not gonna playing one-on-one strip poker with you for practice!	anger
Joey	But I made cards!!	sadness
Rachel	Well! Good night.  I’m going upstairs.	neutral
Joey	Good night.	neutral
Joey	Wanna play strip poker for practice?	sadness

Joey	What are you doing?	neutral
Chandler	The key’s stuck in the lock.	neutral
Joey	I can fix it. Hold on.  Look out. Look out.	neutral
Chandler	It still doesn’t work.	joy

Rachel	Isn’t it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin’ married.	joy
Phoebe	I know, they’re gonna be	joy
Rachel	Ohh… I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?	joy
Phoebe	Not	neutral
Rachel	No! I’m so happy for them!	joy
Phoebe	Me too! So happy for them!	joy
Phoebe	Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous!	neutral
Rachel	I mean I’m probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what’s 2%? That’s nothing.	neutral
Phoebe	Totally. I’m like 90/10.	joy
Rachel	Yeah me too.	neutral
Joey	Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?	neutral
Rachel	Wh—no, but y’know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.	neutral

Monica	Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.	neutral
Monica	Well, I’m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.	joy
Monica	Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence… dozens of people.	joy
Phoebe	How could you say yes, what about our catering business?	anger
Monica	Oh no-no-no, it’s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a	neutral
All	Yay!!	joy
Phoebe	Oh, in that case——Yay!  That was me hopping on board.	joy
Monica	Oh.	joy
Chandler	Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?	joy

Joey	Hello.	neutral
Chandler	Hey, it’s me.	neutral
Chandler	I know you can’t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I’d try and apologize over the phone.	sadness
Joey	Hello.	neutral
Chandler	Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I’m	fear
Joey	Stop callin’!!	anger
Voice	Hey! Hey! Hey! This is 92.3, WXRK, K-Rock for our $1,000 daily challenge.	joy
Joey	All right!	neutral
Voice	What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything	neutral

Phoebe	Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!	neutral
Rachel	Umm, I think he’s still out. What’s wrong?	joy
Phoebe	Well, I’ll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note.	neutral
Rachel	"Pheebs, can’t make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy."  Big Daddy?	anger
Phoebe	Oh that’s a nickname we were trying out.	neutral
Ross	Hey, y’know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron!	joy
Joey	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Oh! Here’s Joseph Francis!	joy
Joey	Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!	surprise
Phoebe	So what?! That doesn’t give you the right to ditch me!	anger
Joey	Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!	anger
Ross	Phoebe he’s right, that is the rule.	neutral
Phoebe	I don’t accept this rule.	anger
Phoebe	When we make plans, I expect you to show up.	anger
Phoebe	Okay, I can’t just be a way to kill time ‘til you meet someone better!	anger
Phoebe	Y’know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this  is for life!	anger

Rachel	Did you know he was in there?	neutral
Monica	No.	neutral
Chandler	How long have we been home?	neutral
Monica	About a half an hour.	neutral
Chandler	Love	neutral

Pete	Lights.  Uh, romantic lights.	neutral
Monica	Ooh, nice.	joy
Pete	So ah, there was this thing I wanted to talk to you about.	neutral
Monica	Oh, right! I completely forgot about that.	neutral
Pete	Well ah, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking, and I look at my life	neutral
Monica	Yeah?	neutral
Pete	And I feel like I’ve conquered the business world, and I feel like I’ve conquered the intellectual world, and now I-I have the most beautiful woman in the world.	anger
Monica	Wow.	surprise
Pete	There’s one thing missing.	sadness
Monica	What’s that?	neutral
Pete	It’s time for me to conquer the physical world.	neutral
Monica	Okay.	neutral
Pete	Monica, I want to become  the Ultimate Fighting Champion.	neutral
Monica	You wanna what?!	surprise
Pete	I want to become the Ultimate Fighting Champion! It’s the most intense physical competition in the world, it’s banned in 49 states!	joy
Monica	What are you talking about?	surprise
Pete	Okay, my trainer, Ho Chi, is teaching me a combination of Gee Koon Doe and Brazilian street fighting, I’ve even had my own octagon training ring designed.	neutral
Monica	And I suppose you used a ring designer for that.	joy
Pete	Yeah.	neutral
Pete	Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win.	joy
Pete	I want you close enough to smell the blood.	joy
Pete	What do you think?	neutral
Monica	My parents will be so happy.	disgust

Chandler	Okay to come in?	neutral
Monica	Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?	neutral
Monica	What?!	surprise
Chandler	I’m the ruptured spleen.	sadness
Monica	Why would you do that?	joy
Chandler	Because you shouldn’t be with him.  You should be with me.	sadness
Monica	Really?	surprise
Chandler	When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me!	sadness
Chandler	Look, things like last night they don’t just happen.	neutral
Chandler	Or at least not to me.	neutral
Chandler	Or with the other two women, in the morning y’know I was just lying there and I couldn’t wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y’know with a friend.	neutral
Monica	Chandler!	surprise
Chandler	I know you probably don’t want to go out with me, y’know because I make too many jokes and I’ve never been in a serious relationship and I guess I’m not technically a "doctor…"	sadness
Monica	There was just one woman, wasn’t there?	neutral
Chandler	No, there were two.	neutral
Monica	Including me?	surprise
Chandler	Oh yeah.	joy

Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Eric	Welcome back!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!  Can we pick up where we left off?	joy
Eric	I don’t know, I’m still pretty tired out from this afternoon.	neutral
Phoebe	Why?	surprise
Eric	Uh, the sex.	neutral
Phoebe	What sex?	surprise
Eric	Our sex.	joy
Phoebe	We didn’t have sex.	surprise
Eric	Well if I didn’t have sex with you, I had sex with someone that looked an awful lot like	neutral
Phoebe	Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!	disgust
Eric	Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! Oh no! No! No! No!	disgust

Monica	Oh my God Stu! I-I can’t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she’s a hooker?	disgust
Stu	Either that or she’s just the best, most expensive date I ever had.	surprise

Monica	Would you look at them. Am I ever gonna find a boyfriend again? I gonna die an old maid.	sadness

Phoebe Sr.	I’m your mother.	neutral
Phoebe	Ehh?	surprise
Joey	Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn’t go out with a guy like Chandler...	neutral
Chandler	Hi there.	neutral
Joey	...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either.	neutral
Joey	And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head.	neutral
Joey	And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either...	neutral
Joey	Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler.	neutral

Ross	Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?	neutral

Phoebe	Well yeah, I lied before.	sadness
Rachel	Oh!	surprise
Monica	Oh God	surprise
Phoebe	Now you know how you really feel about it.	neutral
Rachel	Oh-oh, that’s a risky little game!	surprise
Monica	Are you really gonna do this?	fear
Rachel	Yeah. I’m gonna have a baby. I’m gonna have a baby. I’m gonna have a baby!	joy
Phoebe	With who?	neutral
Rachel	Ah, it’s still not the time.	neutral

Phoebe	You said I was boring--Ohh!	anger
Ross	When did I say you were boring?!	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!	surprise
Ross	Phoebe! You and I have	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, come on!	joy
Phoebe	Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake?	neutral
Phoebe	We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz!	anger
Phoebe	Okay, there's a	neutral

Jill	All right, I’m leaving!	anger
Jill	Because I’m not going to spend one more day with someone whose out to sabotage my every move.	anger
Jill	That’s you Rachel!	anger
Rachel	Yeah, I got that.	neutral
Jill	And you! I throw myself at you and you say no, how gay are you?	anger
Ross	You take care Jill.	neutral
Jill	Okay, see ya!	joy
Joey	Bye-bye	joy
Chandler	I-I can’t believe Jill’s gone.  I can’t help it, I opened a gate.	sadness

Monica	How about, you’re moving!!	joy
Rachel	Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!!	anger
Phoebe	Hey, how are you guys doing?	neutral
Rachel	Great! Monica’s moving!	joy
Monica	I am not!	anger
Rachel	Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what’s going on here. Okay, you guys	neutral
Monica	No Phoebe I am mad!	anger
Phoebe	Well, deep-deep-deep down!	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I’m just mad!	anger
Phoebe	Then keep running.	neutral

Joshua	Okay!	neutral
Rachel	Oh, here’s that trench-coat that you wanted.	neutral
Joshua	Oh great!  Wow! Yeah, it’s comfortable.	joy
Rachel	Yeah?	neutral

Phoebe	Oh! Here we	anger
Chandler	All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?	neutral
Phoebe	I'm sorry.	neutral
Phoebe	It's just 'cause I couldn't be there.	neutral
Phoebe	Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.	sadness
All	Sorry.	neutral
Monica	What happened?	neutral
Rachel	Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.	neutral
Monica	See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!	joy
Gunther	Get out!	joy

Ross	I just didn’t see the fast song coming.	surprise
Joey	Shh.	neutral
Joey	Shh.	neutral
Joey	Don’t try to talk, we’ll get you up to your room, we’ll soak your feet, you’ll be okay.	neutral
Ross	Oh, thank you.	neutral
Mona	That is so sweet!	joy
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
Mona	No, I mean it. There are so few genuinely nice guys out there.	anger
Joey	Tell me about it, I feel like I’m holding down the fort all by myself.	neutral
Mona	It’s Joey right?	neutral
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	Wait a minute!	surprise
Ross	No!	anger
Ross	I’m the nice one!	surprise
Ross	I’m the one who danced with the kids all night!	surprise
Ross	How…How small are your feet?	neutral

Joey	Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I’m-I’m saving this for my friend Ross.	neutral
Tour Guide	You mean Dr. Geller?	neutral
Joey	Doctor? Wow! I didn’t know he had a nickname.	surprise
Tour Guide	Oh, he won’t sit here.	neutral
Tour Guide	Only the people in the white coats sit over there,  and only the people in the blue blazers sit here.	neutral

Joey	Yeah, it must’ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.	joy
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.	sadness
Chandler	Oh yeah man.  Joey.	neutral
Kathy	Hey.	neutral
Kathy	Oh no it’s fine, don’t worry about it.	neutral
Kathy	Yeah-no, stop apologizing, it’s okay.	neutral
Kathy	I’ll talk to you tomorrow.	neutral
Kathy	I should uh, probably go.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah. Yes! Yeah.	neutral
Kathy	I forgot my purse.	neutral
Chandler	Oh.	neutral
Kathy	No, I really did forget my purse.	neutral

Ross	A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished.	neutral
Dr. Ledbetter	I must say it's nice to see you back on your feet.	joy
Ross	Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me.	neutral
Dr. Ledbetter	I wonder if its time for you to rejoin our team at the museum?	neutral

Ross	....and 12, 22, 18, four...  What?	surprise
Chandler	I spelled out boobies.	joy
Monica	Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?	neutral
Ross	Ah, we’re out. I sold them all.	neutral
Monica	What?	surprise
Monica	No.	sadness
Monica	No, just, just, just a couple more boxes.	anger
Monica	It-it-it’s no big deal, all right, I’m-I’m cool.	fear
Monica	You gotta help me out with a couple more boxes!	sadness
Ross	Mon, look at yourself. You have cookie on your neck.	disgust
Monica	Oh God!	sadness
Chandler	So, how many have you sold so far?	neutral
Ross	Check this out. Five hundred and seventeen boxes!	surprise
Chandler	Oh my God, how did you do that?	surprise
Ross	Okay, the other night I was leaving the museum just as ‘Laser Floyd’ was letting out of the planetarium, without even trying I sold 50 boxes!	joy
Ross	That’s when it occurred to me, the key to my success, ‘the munchies.’ So I ah, started hitting the NYU dorms around midnight.	joy
Ross	I am selling cookies by the case.	joy
Ross	They call me: 'Cookie Dude!'	joy
Rachel	Okay, stop what you’re doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....	neutral
Ross	Well hey, who did these resumes for ya?	surprise
Chandler	Me! On my computer.	joy

Ross	Hi.	neutral
Chandler	Hey.  Soaps? Shampoos? Are you really taking all this stuff?	surprise
Ross	Why not? It’s built into the price of the room.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah but you don’t need——What is this?	surprise
Ross	Thread!	joy
Chandler	Score! Where are the disposable cameras?	joy
Ross	What disposable cameras?	sadness
Chandler	The cameras? Remember last night I told you to take them?	surprise
Ross	No you didn’t.	neutral
Chandler	Yes! Remember? Right before we cut the cake, I went up to you and I said	surprise
Ross	Oh-oh yeah, you-you came up to me and asked if I could do you a favor, and my Uncle Murray came up to you and handed you a check.	neutral
Ross	And then you said, "Why do they call it a check?	neutral
Ross	Why not a Yugoslavian?"	neutral
Ross	Yeah, then you did that.	neutral
Chandler	So you don’t have the cameras?!	surprise
Ross	No. Sorry man.	sadness
Chandler	So? What? What? They’re gone! Monica’s gonna freak!	surprise
Ross	Well, I’m sure they’re still somewhere here in the hotel. I’ll-I’ll help you look for them.	neutral
Chandler	Great.	anger
Ross	In-in three minutes.	neutral

Joshua	Uhh, Rachel, my parents	neutral
Rachel	Ohh! It’s so nice to meet you.  Hello.	joy
Mrs. Burgin	Hello. Well, Joshua, that $500 was for groceries.	neutral
Rachel	What?	surprise
Rachel	This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is.	joy
Rachel	See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually.	neutral
Rachel	It’s-it’s, they’re-they’re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at	neutral
Mrs. Burgin	Maybe in L.A?	neutral
Rachel	Yes!	joy
Joshua	There you go.	neutral
Mr. Burgin	So, have you kids eaten yet?	neutral
Rachel	Well, we were going to do that after—I mean umm, next.	neutral
Mr. Burgin	Well, we’re starving, why don’t we all go get something to eat?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, yeah, well… Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin’ around the house.	neutral
Mr. Burgin	So… We go eat.	neutral
Rachel	Yes.	neutral
Mr. Burgin	You’ll wear that. We’ll be eating, and of course, you’ll be wearing that.	neutral

Joey	Well I guess I should’ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!	neutral
Monica	Thanks.	neutral
Monica	Enough!	anger
Joey	Lean lean lean	joy

Chandler	Let me see that.	neutral

Joey	This one right here.	neutral

Chandler	Triskaidekaphobia.	neutral
Ross	The fear of	neutral
Joey	No! No, fear of the number 13.	neutral
Ross	It’s possible, they have really sharp edges.	neutral
Joey	All right Chandler, you’re up.	neutral
Ross	Wait a minute, I-I believe I’m entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?	joy
Chandler	This game makes no sense!	anger
Ross	Y’know what? You’re just upset because you’re losing.	joy
Chandler	Oh come on Ross, I think we’re all losers here.	neutral
Joey	All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.	neutral
Chandler	Let me think. Let me think—Oh! I don’t care.	anger
Joey	You-you must choose Mr. Bing.	neutral
Chandler	Either, it makes no difference.	neutral
Joey	Choose, you jackass!	anger
Chandler	I’ll take a card.	neutral
Joey	Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross’s points!	joy
Ross	What?!	surprise
Chandler	This game is kinda fun.	joy
Ross	You don’t think it’s a little crazy that you get all my points just ‘cause you	neutral
Chandler	I don’t think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.	neutral

Monica	Hello?  Oh, hi Ross!  See? Other people call me!	surprise

Joey	Very funny Ross!	joy
Joey	Very life-like and funny.	neutral
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady.	neutral
Joey	Whoa, maybe I was!	surprise
Monica	Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!	joy
Joey	Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that.	joy
Joey	Okay, here goes.	fear
Joey	How  you  a-doin'?	neutral
Joey	It worked!	surprise
Joey	She's waving me over.	joy
Joey	Okay, I-I-I'll be right over.	joy
Joey	Let's see, she's on the third floor	neutral
Monica	Wow! She is pretty, huh?	surprise
Joey	Tell me about it, huh?  Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica!  Ewwuck!	disgust

Rachel	Hey!	neutral
Phoebe	Hey!	neutral
Rachel	Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!	joy
Phoebe	See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!	neutral
Rachel	Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful.  Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry!	joy

Chandler	Oh come on guys, it’s not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And	joy
Monica	Ahh! Aren’t you dressed yet?	surprise
Chandler	Am I naked again?!	surprise
Monica	We’re supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?	neutral
Monica	Wh?! What about my allergies?!	surprise
Chandler	Oh right, your allergies.  All her, she hates you.	neutral

Monica	Shoot! We’re out of soda.	sadness
Chandler	Oh, I’ll go out and get you some.	neutral
Monica	Really?!	surprise
Chandler	Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend.  Hey Pheebs, how did it go?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, umm, my Mom’s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom.	sadness
Chandler	I found a dried up seashores.	neutral
Monica	Sweety, what are you talking about?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, my new Mom, who-who’s a big, fat abandoner!	sadness
Joey	Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don’t you wanna stay here and talk about it?	surprise
Phoebe	No. I’m just, I wanna, I need to be alone.	sadness
Phoebe	Monica!	sadness
Monica	Oh.	neutral

Rachel	Open it! Open it! Open it!	joy
Ross	Yeah baby!	joy
Man	So we never got to hear about your wedding!	joy
Ross	No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.	neutral

Monica	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Ross	Hi!	joy
Monica	So, do you guys wanna come and eat dinner at the restaurant    sometime in the next few weeks?	neutral
Phoebe	Sure!	joy
Ross	I'd love to!	joy
Monica	Well you	neutral
Phoebe	Well, I can't give you a massage, because my licence has been    revoked again!	sadness
Ross	Phoebe, what happened?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, it was an accident...You know, it's a lot of oil and sometimes    the hand just slips!	neutral
Chandler	Have I got a surprise for you? Pack your bags!	joy
Phoebe	Oh no!You guys aren't supposed to get divorced for 7 years!	surprise

Chandler	Umm, this is nice.	neutral
Monica	I know, it is isn’t it?	joy
Chandler	No, I mean it, this feels really good. Is it a hundred percent cotton?	joy
Monica	Yeah! And I got it on sale, too.	joy
Chandler	Anyway, I should go, one of the lifeguards was just about to dismantle a nuclear device.	neutral
Monica	Well, if you wanna get a drink later we can.	neutral
Chandler	Oh yeah, that sounds great.  Oh, and listen, it’s, it’s gonna be....	neutral
Monica	I know. Thanks.	neutral

Dr. Green	So? Come on! Explain yourself Geller! First you get my Rachel pregnant!	anger
Mona	You got Rachel pregnant?!	surprise
Ross	Who did?!	surprise
Dr. Green	You did!	anger
Ross	Yes. Yes, yes I did.  But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing.	fear
Dr. Green	Oh? Really? That’s what my daughter means to you? Nothing?	anger
Ross	No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care—I-I love Rachel.	fear
Mona	What?!	surprise
Ross	Oh but not that way. I mean…I mean I’m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend.	joy
Dr. Green	Oh really? That’s how treat a friend? You get her in trouble and then refuse to marry her?	anger
Ross	Hey! I offered to marry her!	anger
Mona	Wh	joy
Ross	But I didn’t want to.	anger
Dr. Green	Well why not? So you can spend your time with this tramp?!	anger
Mona	Tramp?!	surprise
Ross	I’m sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.	joy

Chandler	Yes, Fran.	neutral
Chandler	I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!...	anger
Chandler	Oh, really, really, really?	joy
Chandler	Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it!	anger
Chandler	You got it?	neutral
Chandler	Good!	joy
Chandler	Whooooaaaa....	surprise

Joey	Bijan for men?  Bijan for men?  Bijan for men?	neutral
Annabelle	Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?	neutral

Mr. Heckles	I could have birds.	neutral
Monica	Okay, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down.	neutral
Mr. Heckles	Thank you. I'm going to rejoin my dinner party.	neutral
Rachel	All right, bye-bye.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.	neutral
Ross	We'll give you Janice.	neutral
Phoebe	I miss Janice though.  "Hello, Chandler Bing."	neutral
Rachel	"Oh, my, god."	surprise
Joey	"Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!"	joy
Monica	Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.	neutral
Rachel	We won. We won!	joy
Monica	Mr. Heckles.	neutral
Rachel	How did this happen?	neutral
Mr. Treeger	He musta been sweeping. They found a broom in his hand.	neutral
Monica	That's terrible.	anger
Mr. Treeger	I know. I was sweeping yesterday. It coulda been me.	neutral
Ross	Sure, you coulda. You never know.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	You never know.	neutral

Monica	Oh, I'm sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Where's Chandler?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, he needed some time to grieve.	neutral
Chandler	I'm free! I'm free!	joy
Phoebe	That oughta do it.	neutral

Monica	Hey, look at me. I'm making jam, been at it since 4 o'clock this morning.	sadness
Ross	Where'd you get fruit at four in the morning?	surprise
Monica	Went down to the docks. Bet ya didn't know you could get it wholesale.	neutral
Rachel	I didn't know there were docks.	surprise
Joey	Hey.	neutral
Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Ross	Aww, is it broken?	sadness
Joey	No, I gotta wear this thing for a couple weeks.	joy
Rachel	Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?	neutral
Joey	Nooo. I had a story all worked out but then Chandler sold me out.	sadness
Chandler	Well, I'm sorry Joe. I didn't think the doctor was gonna buy that it just *fell* out of the socket.	anger
Joey	What is this? Fruit?	surprise
Rachel	Monica's making jam.	neutral
Joey	Whoa, jam! I love jam!  Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?	joy
Chandler	Because the kids need new shoes.	neutral
Monica	I'm going into business people.	neutral
Monica	I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard.	neutral
Monica	I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man.	anger
Monica	What's the opposite of man?	neutral
Monica	Jam.	neutral
Monica	Oh Joey don't!	fear
Monica	It's way to hot.	anger
Joey	This will just be my batch.	neutral

Monica	Why? Do you think he’s still mad at us?	surprise
Chandler	Well he’s probably mad after you called him this morning to borrow his goggles.	neutral
Joey	What? Mine aren’t tinted.	surprise

Rachel	Here you go Pheebs. Who else wants one of my special homemade brownies?	neutral
Chandler	I will have one.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, I’m not gonna have one.	neutral
Phoebe	No, no, it’s just my tooth.	sadness
Chandler	All right I’ll have one.	neutral
Ross	So what’s a matter, you need a dentist? I’ve got a good one.	neutral
Phoebe	No thanks, I have a good one too. I just, I, I can’t see him.	fear
Chandler	See that is the problem with invisible dentists.	neutral
Ross	Why? Why can’t you go to him?	surprise
Phoebe	Because, every time I go to the dentist, somebody dies.	anger
Chandler	That is so weird, because every time I go to the dentist, I look down the hygienist’s blouse.	joy
Rachel	Phoebe, what? Umm...what?!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend ‘Albino Bob’.	neutral
Rachel	And all these people actually died?	surprise
Phoebe	Yes, while I was in the chair!	sadness
Phoebe	That’s why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it’s not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!	neutral
Ross	Pheebs, come on, you didn’t kill anybody, these people just happened to die when you went to the dentist.	neutral
Ross	It’s, it’s, it’s just ah, a coincidence.	neutral
Phoebe	Well tell that to them. Oh! You can’t, their dead.	sadness

Ross	Hello?	surprise
Emily	Ross.	neutral
Emily	It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.	sadness
Ross	No, no, that-that, that’s all right. Umm, I’m just glad you called.	joy
Emily	Ross umm, there’s something that I’ve got to tell you, there’s-there’s someone else.	joy
Ross	Does that mean the same thing in England as it does in America?	sadness

Monica	You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.	sadness
Ross	Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.	sadness
Chandler	So, let's go.	neutral
Ross	Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them  for us to leave now.	neutral
Monica	You know, the guys are probably having a great time.	neutral

Ross	Okay, I’ve got three of my five.	neutral
Rachel	Three of your five, what?	neutral
Ross	Celebrities I’m allowed to sleep with.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God! You are giving this a lot of thought.	surprise
Ross	Yeah, it’s hard okay, I only have two spots left.	neutral
Chandler	All right, so who do you got it narrowed down to?	neutral
Ross	Okay, Elizabeth Hurely....	joy
Chandler	Oooh-hoo, very attractive, forgiving.	surprise
Ross	Susan Sarandon.	neutral
Chandler	Eh, y'know what, she’s to political, she probably wouldn’t let you do it, unless you donated four cans of food first.	disgust
Ross	And!! Isabella Rosselini.	joy
Chandler	Ooh-hoo. Very hot, very sexy. But ah, y'know she’s too international, y'know she’s never gonna be around.	joy
Rachel	So?	neutral
Chandler	So, you gotta play the odds, pick somebody who’s gonna be in the country like all the time.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, ‘cause that’s why you won’t get Isabella Rosselini, geography.	neutral

Rachel	Oh that’s five Ross. Five women have had five babies! And I have had no babies! Why doesn’t she want to come out?	sadness
Ross	Y’know what I think it is?	neutral
Ross	I think you’ve made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn’t want to leave.	neutral
Rachel	Oh. Look at you making up crap for me. Oh God!	sadness
Dr. Long	Twenty-one hours, you’re a hero.	neutral
Rachel	Doctor you gotta do something! I think you gotta give me drugs or you gotta light a fire up in there and just smoke it out.	sadness
Dr. Long	Actually, I think you’re ready to go to the delivery room.	neutral
Rachel	What?	surprise
Dr. Long	Ten centimeters, you’re about to become a mom.	neutral
Rachel	My God. Okay.  Ha-ha-ha beat ya! Sucker!	surprise

Carol	Are they here yet?	neutral
Rachel	No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?	neutral

Carol	Ok.	neutral

Rachel	Hi.	neutral
Flight Attendant	May I see your boarding pass?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend.	neutral
Flight Attendant	Oh, oooh. I'm sorry. You are not allowed on the jetway unless you have a boarding pass.	neutral
Rachel	No, I know, but I—he just went on.	neutral
Rachel	He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just...	sadness
Flight Attendant	No no no! Federal regulations!	anger
Rachel	OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is	neutral
Flight Attendant	Alright. What's the message?	neutral
Rachel	Uh... I don't know.	neutral
Flight Attendant	Sir? Sir? Excuse me, sir? Uh... I have a message for you.	neutral
Man	What?	neutral
Flight Attendant	It's from Rachel. She said that she loved the present, and she will see you when you get back.	neutral
Man	: Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about!	surprise
Man	There's no Rachel!	anger

Chandler	Here's the thing, Janice.	neutral
Chandler	You know, I mean, it's like we're different.	neutral
Chandler	I'm like the bing, bing, bing.	anger
Chandler	You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.	neutral
Janice	Ow!	surprise
Chandler	Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?	anger
Janice	Ow. Um, it's just my lens. It's just my lens. I'll be right back.	sadness
Chandler	I hit her in the eye! I hit her in the eye! This is the worst break-up in the history of the world.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh my god.  How many of those have you had?	surprise
Chandler	Oh, I don't know, a million?	anger
Phoebe	Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.	neutral
Chandler	I'm fine.	neutral
Phoebe	All right.	neutral
Chandler	I'm not fine. Here she comes.	fear
Phoebe	Wait here. Breathe.	neutral
Chandler	How do you do that?	surprise
Phoebe	It's like a gift.	neutral
Chandler	We should always always break up together.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, I'd like that.	neutral

Chandler	You win.	anger
Joey	Well, what did you have?	neutral
Chandler	It doesn’t matter because nothing beats a three and a six.	joy
Chandler	That my friend is D-Cup.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, now much have you won so far?	neutral
Joey	Uh,  wow, 700.	surprise
Chandler	Not 700 exactly?	surprise
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
Chandler	Double it!	joy
Joey	What?	surprise
Chandler	Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.	neutral
Joey	Really?	surprise
Chandler	Hey, I didn’t make up the rules.	neutral
Chandler	Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card.	neutral
Chandler	Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500.	neutral
Chandler	Don’t get to excited because that’s not gonna happen unless you get—No way!	surprise

Ross	I’m, I’m sorry you didn’t get to go to Spacecamp, and I’m hoping that maybe somehow, this may make up for it.	sadness
Ross	Presenting Sarah Tuttle’s Private Very Special Spacecamp!	joy

Ross	!	neutral

Sarah	Really Mr. Geller, you don’t have to do this.	neutral
Ross	Oh come on! Here we go!  Stand by for mission countdown!	joy
Chandler	I’m an alien. I’m an alien.	neutral
Ross	Oh no! An asteroid!	surprise

Joey	Hey.	neutral
Monica	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Where you going?	neutral
Monica	To the bank.	neutral
Joey	Sperm or regular?	neutral
Monica	Sperm.	neutral
Joey	So you're really doing this, huh?	surprise
Monica	Oh yeah, picked a guy, 37135.	neutral
Joey	Sounds nice.	neutral
Monica	Fraid so. Brown hair, green eyes...	neutral
Joey	No kiddin', hmm.	surprise
Monica	What?	sadness

Roger	What's wrong, sweetie?	neutral
Phoebe	Nothing, nothing.	joy
Roger	Aaaah, what's wrong, c'mon.	joy
Phoebe	It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine.	sadness
Phoebe	It's my friends.	sadness
Phoebe	They-they have a liking problem with you.	sadness
Phoebe	In that, um, they don't.	sadness
Roger	Oh. They don't.	surprise
Phoebe	But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see.	joy
Phoebe	They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff.	sadness
Phoebe	They just think you're a little...	joy
Roger	What?	neutral
Phoebe	Intense and creepy.	neutral

Chandler	You got me.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah. Right.	neutral
Joey	Good, and hey! My treat.  But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?	joy

Monica	I can’t believe we’re here.	joy
Chandler	Oh you’ve got to be kidding me.	surprise
Monica	What?	surprise
Front Desk Clerk	As a wedding gift to you, the hotel would like to give you the honeymoon suite.	neutral
Monica	No!! You have been screwing us all day!	anger
Man	Who are you?	surprise
Chandler	We’re you just ten seconds later!	neutral
Monica	You already got the first class tickets.. you got the lounge!	anger
Monica	I mean we should get free stuff too!	anger
Monica	I mean you’re not the only ones on your honeymoon!	anger
Woman	Well you can have the suite if you want.	neutral
Woman	We don’t care about where we stay.	neutral
Woman	We’re here to celebrate our love together.	anger
Woman	We don’t have to get free stuff.	anger
Woman	We just want to be together.	joy
Chandler	We need the stuff.	neutral

Mr. Zelner	Yes!	joy
Rachel	Okay, well then how about a handshake?	neutral
Rachel	Oh God I'm sorry!	joy
Rachel	Oh God, I'm sorry!	joy
Rachel	I did not mean to touch that—I mean	fear

Joey	Hey Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Joey	Check it out.  How much of a man am I?!	joy
Phoebe	Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.	fear

Ross	which brings us back, of course, to Greely’s theory of dominance.	neutral
Ross	Okay, that-that’s all for today.	neutral
Ross	Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?	neutral
Student	Yeah, it’s the new building on Avenue A.	neutral
Ross	What?! That-that’s all the way cross town, I’m supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.	surprise
Student	Ooh, dude. That’s not gonna happen.	neutral
Ross	Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! I’m the teacher!!	anger

Phoebe	Jason?	neutral
Jason	Yeah, come on in.	neutral
Jason	So Phoebe, you ah, sounded kinda serious on the phone, is ah, is anything wrong?	neutral

Mark	No. And I don’t think I’m gonna want to.	surprise
Rachel	I can’t do this.	sadness
Mark	Yep. Yep, that’s what I didn’t want to know.	sadness
Rachel	Well, oh, Mark, I’m doing this for the wrong reasons, y'know?	sadness
Rachel	I’m just doing it to get back at Ross.	sadness
Rachel	I’m sorry, it’s not very fair to you.	sadness
Mark	Ahh!	surprise
Joey	Fair, shmair	sadness
Mark	Y'know?	neutral
Mark	Look, if you want to get back at Ross, I am here for you.	neutral
Mark	Really?	surprise

Mark	No-no, I say-I say, I say we get back at him right on this couch.	neutral
Mark	Right here!	anger
Rachel	Oh God. I’m sorry about this.	sadness
Mark	That’s okay.	neutral
Rachel	You sure?	joy

Mark	Yeah. I can just go home and get back at him by myself.	neutral

Joey	Here she is! Future fashion superstar!	joy
Rachel	Oh Joey, I’m hardly a	neutral
Joey	My little sister Dina!	joy

Chandler	And here we go	neutral
Joey	I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it, and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh.	disgust
Joey	Y’know it wouldn’t kill ya to respect your wife’s privacy!	joy
Joey	Stupid closet full of bugs!	anger
Rachel	Joey. Joey, something feels weird and not good weird. I don’t—Whoa!!	fear
Joey	When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book, it was always nothing.	neutral
Rachel	Really?	neutral
Joey	Absolutely.	neutral
Joey	Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me, look at me, everything’s gonna be fine, trust me.	neutral
Joey	Take my hand.	neutral
Joey	Here we go.	neutral
Joey	Oww crushing bones!	surprise

Phoebe	Oh hello.	neutral
Guy	Oh, it’s you. I see you everywhere. I’m Jim, Jim Nelson.	surprise
Phoebe	Oh Jim, Jim Nelson I’m Phoebe, Phoebe Buffay. We certainly have been seeing a lot of each other lately.	neutral
Jim	We have. Maybe we’ll be seeing each other at dinner tomorrow night, say around 8 o’clock?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, maybe we will.  Oh!	joy

Phoebe	Well, that’s not something a girl wants to hear.	anger
Ross	No, come on don’t start.  Ouch!	joy
Phoebe	What?	sadness
Ross	Stupid balls are in the way.	sadness
Ross	Oh well. It probably would’ve been the most constructive solution.	neutral
Phoebe	You have chalk on your face.	neutral

Ross	Huh?	joy

Phoebe	Oh, Ross you’re right, I don’t know why I always thought this was real grass.	sadness
Monica	Hey, are you okay?	joy
Ross	My wife’s a lesbian.	sadness
Joey	Cool!!	joy
Joey	Ross, Joey. Joey, Ross.	sadness

Monica	Hey! Where ‘ya headin’ in those pants? 1982?	joy
Joey	Oh Monica, listen, I ah, I saw down at the hardware store, they got those designer tiles on sale.	neutral
Joey	If you ever want to redo the bathroom floor.	neutral
Monica	Why, what’s wrong with my bathroom floor?	surprise
Joey	Nothing. It’s just old and dingy, that’s all.	disgust
Monica	I highly doubt that.	anger
Joey	Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be.  Yeah.	disgust
Monica	I can’t live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?	fear
Joey	Relax. Here hold this . This old stuff just comes right off.	neutral
Monica	That’s a little more than I wanted to see.	disgust
Joey	Aw!	surprise
Joey	Look at that, every inch of this stuff is glued down.	surprise
Joey	It’d take forever to pry this up.	joy
Joey	You should ah, you should just leave it.	neutral
Monica	I can’t leave it! You gouged a hole in my dingy floor.	anger
Joey	Eh! There you go.	neutral
Monica	You know that’s nice, y'know we could put it back there after the surgeons remove it from your colon!	anger

Phoebe	Hi.	neutral
Monica	Hi!	anger
All	Hey!	joy
Joey	Uh, Pheebs, about your mom...	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	surprise
Joey	How’s that going?	neutral
Phoebe	So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.	joy
Joey	That’s so sweet.  I’m gonna get some coffee.	neutral
Monica	Huh? What’d ya say Joe? I’ll be right there.	surprise
Rachel	Pheebs...	neutral
Phoebe	I just feel so, uhh.....	neutral
Rachel	All right!!	joy
Chandler	I’m coming already!!	joy

Rachel	Really?! You think that will work?	surprise
Joey	Absolutely! And if it doesn’t, can I get the extra ticket?	joy
Joey	What the heck is that?	surprise

Phoebe	Hello.	neutral

Joey	Hey, Pheebs! It’s Joey!	joy
Phoebe	Hey, Joey!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Ooh!	joy
Phoebe	Ooh!	joy
Phoebe	I just say someone on the—that looks just like you on the subway.	neutral
Phoebe	And I was gonna go over and say ‘hi!’ but then I figured, he doesn’t care if he looks like you.	joy
Joey	That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh, they’re having a	joy
Joey	Kinda, but I’ve just been having way too much fun.	joy
Phoebe	So you’re not homesick yet?	surprise
Joey	No, I don’t think so.	neutral
Phoebe	All right, the seven of us miss you.	joy

Joey	No.	neutral
Ross	You’ll see.	neutral
Emily	Liam, do me a favour. Tell the lads to go easy on Ross, it’s his first time.	neutral
Liam	You don’t say!	surprise
Emily	Good luck, babe.	joy
Liam	Ross! Ross! Come on! Get in here!  Ross! Come on!	joy
Liam	Ross, come on! Get in the bloody scrum! Ross, get in!	anger
Ross	JOEY!!!!!!	joy

Monica	I don’t believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house!	anger
Mrs. Geller	We’re sorry honey, but we just assumed if you got married after you turned 30 you’d pay for it yourself.	neutral

Joey	Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!	anger
Ross	I’ve had better.	neutral
Joey	Okay! When?!	anger
Ross	All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!	joy
Joey	Uh-huh!	anger
Ross	I’ve said it! Okay?! But it’s over Joey!	anger
Joey	I want to do it again.	anger
Ross	We	neutral
Joey	Why not?	neutral

Ross	Because it’s weird!	disgust

Joey	Fine! Do you want something to drink?	anger
Ross	Sure, what do you got?	neutral
Joey	Warm milk and	neutral

Phoebe	Are you okay?	neutral
Rachel	I need some milk.	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, I've got milk  Here you go...  Oh! Better?	anger
Rachel	No...	sadness
Phoebe	I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on!	surprise
Rachel	Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened!	neutral
Phoebe	I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!	sadness
Phoebe	No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?	surprise
Rachel	I don't know...right, he's the pig!	sadness
Phoebe	Such a pig!	disgust
Rachel	Oh, God, he's such a pig,	disgust
Phoebe	Oh he's like a...	disgust
Rachel	He's like a big disgusting...	disgust
Phoebe	...like a...	neutral

Rachel	...pig...pig man!	disgust

Phoebe	Yes, good! Ok...	anger
Rachel	Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?	anger
Phoebe	Oh! I know!  It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...	sadness
Rachel	Ok, Ok, Pheebs...	neutral
Phoebe	The end.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, God...	joy
Phoebe	Should I not have told you?	surprise
Rachel	No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know.	neutral
Rachel	Uh, I just liked it better before it was better...	sadness

Phoebe Sr	Well, yes, it’s kind’ve an unusual house.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	It has umm, three beautiful bedrooms and ah, no baths.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	But y'know, the ocean is right there.	neutral
Phoebe	Knock, knock, knock.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	Ah, oh, hang on a second.  Come in, come in.  All right, so think about it, and call me back.	neutral
Phoebe	Are you ah, Phoebe Abott?	neutral
Phoebe Sr	Ahh, yes.	neutral
Phoebe	Hi Phoebe Abott, I’m your best friends daughter!	joy
Phoebe Sr	You’re Erwin’s daughter?!	surprise
Phoebe	No, I-I mean your-your old best friend, here.  Lily, from high school. Remember?	neutral
Phoebe Sr	Oh gosh, Lily, yes. Of course I remember Lily. I... Then you must be?	surprise
Phoebe	Phoebe.  Phoebe. Phoebe, yeah. She named me after you I guess.	sadness
Phoebe Sr	Uh-huh. Wow! Well, look! There’s Frank.	surprise

Chandler	Dude, you have got to turn on	neutral
Joey	Let’s go watch it at your place.	neutral

Chandler	Nah, Monica’s watching some cooking show. Come on, I don’t want to miss when they were skinny.	neutral

Joey	Chandler, Chandler, y’know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.	joy
Chandler	What? No, I want to watch this. . Did your cable go out?	joy
Joey	No, that’s	neutral
Chandler	Joey, why is your cable out?	sadness
Joey	I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven’t really paid the bill	sadness
Chandler	If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?	neutral
Joey	No, Chandler.	neutral
Joey	Look, forget about it, okay?	anger
Joey	Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out.	sadness
Joey	Oh, was she hot.	joy
Chandler	Whoa ho.	joy
Joey	I know!	surprise
Joey	Yeah, but, look I can handle it.	neutral
Joey	All right?	neutral
Joey	Look, I can listen to the radio, huh?	neutral
Joey	And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the	neutral
Joey	Sure.	neutral
Chandler	Paid your phone bill?	neutral
Joey	Not so much.	neutral

Chandler	Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore.	neutral
Chandler	I can't take it anymore.	anger
Chandler	So you win, okay?	anger
Chandler	Here!	anger
Chandler	Pheebs?	anger
Chandler	Flying a jet?	surprise
Chandler	Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your	neutral

Ross	Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!	joy
Joey	Phoebe!	joy
Chandler	Hey, Pheebs!	joy
Rachel	Phoebe, woo!	joy

Joey	What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?	anger
Phoebe	Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.	sadness
Joey	Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.	neutral
Phoebe	Aw, dammit!	surprise
Stage Director	Back on in 30 seconds people!	neutral
Joey	Hey, excuse me, would you mind switching with me?	neutral
PBS Volunteer	Hey, no way, I'm in the shot man.	anger
Joey	Come on man! You've been here all day!	anger
PBS Volunteer	Yeah, I-I'm taking pledges here, eh?	neutral
Stage Director	We're on in 3, 2,	neutral
Gary Collins	Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of	neutral

Rachel	Ah.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	I go see my doctor tomorrow, I’ll ask her about this.	neutral
Rachel	Maybe she can give me a pill or something.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah. Yeah, that’s what you need a good…pill.	neutral

Chandler	What are you writing?	neutral
Rachel	Well, Joshua’s coming in tomorrow and since I don’t have the guts to ask him out, I’m going to sell him a coat and put this note in the pocket.	neutral
Chandler	Oh yeah?  Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you  never go out of style—what did you throw away?	neutral
Chandler	Hi guys!	joy
All	Hey!	neutral
Joey	Hey, what have you guys been up too?	neutral
Ross	Oh, we went to see a collection of Victorian doorknobs and the Cupert-Hewitt museum.	neutral
Chandler	Without me?!	surprise
Emily	My uncle dragged us there. But, it actually it turned out to be really interesting.	surprise
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Emily	They were so ornate and beautiful, I mean look at that!	surprise

Carl	I'm just sayin', if I see one more picture of Ed Begley, Jr. in that	disgust
Ross	I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.	surprise
Rachel	Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.	anger
Ross	Fine, just stop thinking about me.	joy
Ross	Can't do it, can you?	neutral
Rachel	So I'm thinking about you. So what?	neutral
Ross	I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?	surprise
Rachel	Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....	neutral
Carl	I mean, come on, buddy, get a	neutral
Ross	Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, it's too hard.	sadness
Ross	No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else?	neutral
Ross	Who cares about them.	neutral
Ross	This is about us.	neutral
Ross	Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, you're like my best friend.	joy
Ross	I know.	neutral
Rachel	If we broke up, and I lost you...	fear
Rachel	Ohh, God.	sadness

Ross	Hello?  No she can’t come to the phone right now.  Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye.	neutral
Phoebe	Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!	fear
Ross	J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that	neutral
Phoebe	Thank God.	joy
Ross	Yeah, she’s fired.	neutral

Phoebe	...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!!   Thank you, thanks.	anger
Ross	Hey, here’s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?	neutral
Chandler	Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.	neutral
Ross	I’m reading your ad.	neutral
Joey	Looks good, uh?	sadness
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Chandler	Stunning entertainment center. Fine,  fine Italian craftsmanship.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?	surprise
Rachel	Why? I love that thing.	joy
Chandler	You want it?	neutral
Phoebe and Rachel	Oh no.	disgust
Chandler	Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?	surprise
Joey	Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!	neutral
Chandler	All right look, I’m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.	neutral
Joey	What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.	anger
Chandler	Nooo.	neutral
Joey	Oh. What do you do?	surprise

Joey	That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment!	neutral
Joey	And you can see me!	neutral
Joey	Same as yesterday,  same as the day before.	neutral
Monica	Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?	neutral
Joey	Nope. Op, wait! There he goes.	neutral

Joey	Hey!	neutral
Chandler	Hey!	neutral
Monica	Hey!	neutral
Joey	What are you guys doing up?	surprise
Chandler	Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later.  Hey, how about maroon?	neutral
Monica	Yes, you are so smart!	joy
Joey	Aww, you guys are so cute!	joy
Monica	I know.	neutral
Joey	All right, I'll see you in the morning.	neutral
Monica	Okay.	neutral

Ross	What's with her?	disgust
Joey	I don't know.	neutral
Joey	But hey, I know we can decide.	neutral
Joey	Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick.	neutral
Joey	Okay?	neutral
Ross	Okay.	neutral
Joey	What do you like better action or comedy?	neutral
Ross	Action.	neutral
Joey	Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?	neutral
Ross	Dude, you are sick.	disgust
Joey	Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.	surprise

Rachel	I mean, this is unbelievable.	surprise
Phoebe	I know. This is really, really huge.	surprise
Chandler	No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.	neutral
Chandler	OK, is there a mute button on this woman?	disgust

Rachel	More than jewelry.	neutral

Joey	Hi! I’m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.	neutral
Man	Really? I’ve been dealing with Dr. Wells.	surprise
Joey	I know, but I’m a neurologist.	neutral
Joey	And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.	neutral
Man	Dr. Wells is a woman.	surprise
Joey	That was a test. Good response. All right, full name.	neutral
Man	Clifford Burnett.	neutral
Joey	Date of birth?	neutral
Cliff	November 16	neutral
Joey	Age?	neutral
Cliff	Can’t you figure that out based on my date of birth?	anger
Joey	I’m a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.	neutral
Cliff	I’m 33.	neutral
Joey	Okay. And uh, are you married.	neutral
Cliff	No.	neutral
Joey	Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?	surprise
Cliff	Are all the questions this personal?	surprise
Joey	Yes.	neutral
Cliff	Well uh if you must know I’m a widower.	sadness
Joey	Oh that’s terrible. I’m-I’m really sorry.	sadness
Cliff	Yeah.	neutral
Joey	Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?	neutral
Cliff	No.	neutral

Ross	Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?	neutral

Phoebe	Hey! You guys, I’m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?	joy
Rachel	Pheebs, that’s great!	joy
Phoebe	Oh, yay!	joy
Rachel	But y’know umm, Rachel doesn’t rhyme with draddle.	neutral
Phoebe	I know but it’s so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!	disgust
Joey	What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.	neutral
Phoebe	All good, thanks.  Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?	neutral
Monica	Didn’t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?	neutral

Joey	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Okay, I can do this.	neutral
Joey	I can tell her how I feel.	neutral
Joey	Just uh, just stand up straight.	fear
Joey	Take a couple deep breaths.	fear
Joey	Look confident.	fear
Rachel	Joey? What’s up?	neutral
Joey	I uh, I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.	fear
Rachel	Okay what’s up?	neutral

Chandler	What I do do…is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.	neutral
Phoebe	I see. Nice sidestep on the do do thing by the way.	neutral
Chandler	Hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life.	neutral
Phoebe	You gotta go!	neutral
Chandler	Oh!	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, don’t worry. You’re ready.	neutral
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Phoebe	Absolutely! Just fight all your natural instincts and you’ll be great.	neutral

Monica	Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really.	neutral
Monica	Yeah, Ross is great.	neutral
Monica	He's uh, he's in a whole other place.	neutral
Monica	No, he's gone.	neutral
Monica	No no, you don't have to fly back, really.	neutral
Monica	What do you mean this might be your only chance?	surprise
Monica	Would you stop?	anger
Monica	I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet.	anger
Chandler	Where have you been?	neutral
Joey	Oh, just had a baby.	joy
Chandler	Mazel tov!	joy

Ross	Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.	joy
Chandler	Oh yeah! With who?	surprise
Ross	You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?	neutral
Ross	Not her.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can’t decide between the two of them.	neutral
Ross	Y’know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she’s a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun.	neutral
Ross	But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown.	neutral
Ross	Y’know she’s, well she’s-she’s just as pretty, I guess she’s smart, she’s	neutral
Phoebe	If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?	neutral
Ross	Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y’know?	neutral
Ross	She lives so close.	neutral
Ross	And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was—if she was kidding was very funny.	neutral
Ross	On the other hand, if she wasn’t kidding, she’s not fun, she’s stupid, and kind of a racist.	anger
Ross	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?	joy
Joey	Damn!	joy

Phoebe	Oh here’s a whole bunch.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, I mean she’s gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl."	neutral
Rachel	Then she’ll have to come back here and live all alone.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh my God!	surprise
Rachel	What?	surprise
Phoebe	There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and it’s positive. Monica’s pregnant.  So I guess she won’t be totally alone.	surprise

Phoebe	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	Listen, I’m sorry about that whole thing with Roger.	sadness
Phoebe	It really wasn’t right, and I, and I want to make it up to you, so umm, I brought you something that I think you’ll really enjoy.	anger
Phoebe	Now, this is just a loan.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay?	neutral
Phoebe	I’m gonna, I’m gonna want him back.	neutral
Phoebe	So…  I’m gonna go now.	neutral
Phoebe	I’m sorry, I thought I could do it and I can’t!	sadness

Monica	All right, well why don’t I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!	sadness
Joey	Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey.	neutral

Chandler	All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do.	neutral
Phoebe	I-I wanna be with her,  I like her.	anger
Chandler	Oh, that’s fine! Go with your instincts, go with your instincts.	joy
Monica	Wait, now, what am I doing again?	surprise
Chandler	Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!	anger
The Cigarette Guy	Hi, I’m Joshua, I’m here to pick up Rachel.	neutral
Rachel	No-no-no, that’ not Joshua.	anger
Chandler	What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy.	surprise
Chandler	So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay,  but the rest of us have a	sadness

Joey	How do I look?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, uh, I... don't... care.	neutral
Chandler	Ok, now, remember, no trading.	neutral
Chandler	You get the pretty one, I get the mess.	neutral
Lorraine	Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.	joy
Chandler	...And what did you bring?	neutral
Lorraine	She's checking the coats.	neutral
Lorraine	Joey, I'm gonna go wash the cab smell off my hands.	neutral
Lorraine	Will you get me a white Zinfandel, and a glass of red for Janice.	neutral
Chandler	Janice?	surprise
Janice	Oh.... my.... God.	surprise
Chandler	Hey, it's Janice.	neutral

Ross	Well, okay so, I don’t have it all worked out quite yet. Just don’t say anything to Rachel, please?	anger
Phoebe	Rachel is one of my closest friends.  Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay!	neutral
Rachel	Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!	sadness
Phoebe	Hey Rach!	anger
Rachel	What was that?!	surprise
Phoebe	Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?	neutral
Rachel	I haven’t seen it yet!	neutral
Phoebe	Well then you’d better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go!	surprise
Joey	No	anger

All	Pheebs! Hey Pheebs!	joy
Joey	Uh, okay, Pheebs?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	neutral
Joey	Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	neutral
Joey	All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!	joy
Phoebe	Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!	anger
Monica	Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic , in Central Park!	joy
Joey	Yeah, all of us! All day!	joy
Phoebe	That sucks!	disgust
Phoebe	That's not a trip!	surprise
Phoebe	I just came from the park!	anger
Phoebe	What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park?	anger
Phoebe	"Well, it's right by my house, all right!"	anger
Chandler	Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea.	anger
Rachel	Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey!	surprise
Rachel	Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just—y'know—stop it!	anger
Chandler	I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.	sadness
Phoebe	That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.	disgust
Monica	Makes me wanna puke!	disgust

Phoebe	Is she in there?	neutral

Ross	Yeah. She’s putting her down now, that’s her.	neutral
Rachel	Oh it’s all right.	neutral

Rachel	I’m guess I’m just done with the whole dating thing.	sadness
Rachel	It’s one more thing in my life that’s suddenly completely different.	sadness
Rachel	This is hard.	sadness
Ross	Yeah I know.	neutral
Ross	On the other hand in um, in about seven months you’re gonna have something that you’re gonna love more than any guy you’ve ever gone out with.	neutral
Ross	Just wait.	neutral
Ross	Wait until uh, wait until the first time your baby grabs your finger.	joy
Ross	You have no idea.	joy
Rachel	Thanks sweetie.	neutral
Ross	You wanna, you wanna grab some coffee?	neutral
Rachel	Oh no, I think I’m gonna go home and eat ten candy bars.	sadness
Ross	Hey, I thought I cheered you up.	neutral
Rachel	Oh you did, there are twenty in here.	neutral
Ross	Right. Good night.	neutral
Rachel	Good night.	neutral

Mrs. Geller	Hi	neutral
Ross	Hi!  Hey mom.	joy
Rachel	This is such a great party! 35 years. Very impressive, do you guys have any pearls of wisdom?	joy
Mrs. Geller	Jack?	surprise
Mr. Geller	Why would you serve food on such a sharp stick?	surprise
Ross	That’s a good question, dad. That’s a good question	neutral
an	Congratulations you two!	joy
Rachel	Thank you…we’re so excited	joy
an	And also, congratulations on your wedding.	joy
Ross	Wha—What?	surprise

Joey	Look at this clown!	joy
Joey	Just because he’s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river.	disgust
Joey	Get out of the way jackass!	anger
Joey	Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?	disgust
Rachel	That	neutral
Joey	What are they doing out here? The coast’s all the way over there.	surprise

Chandler	Hey!	anger
Phoebe	Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes!	surprise
Joey	Dude! What are yo—you trying to kill me?!	neutral

Monica	Ow!	anger
Richard	Really?! Well, it’s just like everyone else’s apartment. It’s got rooms, walls, and ceilings.	neutral
Richard’s Date	Well, I just wanted to see where you lived. Now, give me the tour.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God! Oh my God!	surprise
Richard	Ah well, this is the living room.	neutral
Richard	All right. This is the kitchen.	neutral
Richard	The bedroom. Well it’s pretty much your typical...  bedroom.	neutral
Richard’s Date	We’re still on this side of the door.	neutral
Joey	Ha-ha	joy
Richard’s Date	Yeah, but I didn’t get to see it.	sadness
Richard	Oh shoot! Maybe next time.  Thanks for a lovely evening.	neutral
Monica	So um, who was she?	joy
Richard	Oh,  that was the blind date that I told you about, she called and switched it to today.	neutral
Monica	Did you like her? And I’m just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.	neutral
Richard	Well, you seem fine.	neutral

Frank	Well, I don’t think this, y'know.	neutral
Phoebe	No, no, no, I wouldn’t do you myself, I mean that would be weird.	disgust
Phoebe	Yeah, no, I’ll get one of the other girls to do it.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, this will be so much fun!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	surprise
Phoebe	Are you excited?	joy
Frank	Yeah! Hey, do Monica and Rachel work there?	neutral

Phoebe	Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.	neutral
Monica	All I have is, is oregano and a	neutral
Phoebe	Um, that's ok!  Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.	joy
Rachel	Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.	neutral
Monica	Can we just start throwing things in?	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, yeah, ok.  Oh, OK.	neutral
Rachel	Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.	neutral
Monica	Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.	neutral
Rachel	Hey he's wearing a sweater.	surprise
Monica	No.	neutral
Rachel and Phoebe	Eww!	disgust
Rachel	And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.	neutral
Monica	Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure...	neutral

Ross	Mona?  Okay, if I were a salmon shirt, where would I be?	neutral
Mona	I am so sorry I spilled wine all over your shirt.	sadness
Mona's Date	Oh, it’s okay.	neutral
Mona	No, it’s still wet.	joy
Mona	Let me get it out before it sets.	neutral
Mona	Ooh, I have something you can wear.	neutral
Mona	Here.	neutral
Mona's Date	Oh umm, I-I don’t know if I want to wear a woman’s shirt.	sadness
Mona	No-no that’s a man’s shirt.	neutral
Mona's Date	It’s awfully pink.	neutral

Joey	Oh, it's perfect!	joy
Ross	How about you?	neutral
Chandler	It's a kitchen slash bathroom.	neutral
Ross	All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.	neutral
Chandler	We are bad people.	disgust
Joey	He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew!  You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?	surprise

Monica	Let’s get the show on it!	joy
Rachel	Okay, let me just get a cup of coffee.	neutral
Monica	Oh Rachel, I know the best coffee house and it’s sooo close.	neutral
Rachel	Closer than here?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, hey, look, I found coffee!  Okay, let’s skedaddle.	neutral
Rachel	Wait, I’m not just gonna drink somebody’s old coffee.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, your highness.	neutral
Phoebe	Um, Rachel I’m really sorry.  That’s okay, do you wanna get back together?  Yeah, okay.  Did anyone else hear that?!	surprise

Lydia	So how did you know I was even here?	surprise
Guy	Your mom called me. So is this her?	neutral
Lydia	No, this is a loaner.	neutral
Guy	I'm sorry you had to do this by yourself.	neutral
Lydia	I wasn't by myself. I had a doctor, a nurse, and a helper guy.  So, did you see who won the game?	neutral
Guy	Yeah, the Knicks by 10. They suck.	neutral
Lydia	Yeah, they're not so bad.	neutral

Phoebe	I’m sorry I won’t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I’m	neutral
Rachel	I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn’t want him to start yelling at me like I was some ’74 Latour.	surprise
Phoebe	It’s Lafite. The ’74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.	sadness
Rachel	All right here he comes. I’m gonna do this, I’m gonna tell him, I’m gonna be strong.	fear
Dr. Green	I just called a friend of mine.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah?	surprise
Dr. Green	I think I may be able to book	neutral
Rachel	Really?!	surprise
Dr. Green	What is it sweetie?	joy
Rachel	There’s not gonna be a wedding. Ross and I are not getting married.	sadness
Rachel	I’m sorry daddy.	sadness
Dr. Green	I don’t believe this!!	neutral
Rachel	Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please.	fear
Dr. Green	Stay calm?!!	anger
Dr. Green	How do you expect me to stay calm?!	anger
Dr. Green	This is unacceptable Rachel!	anger
Dr. Green	And I wanna know why?!!	anger
Dr. Green	Is it because that punk Ross won’t marry you?!	anger
Dr. Green	That’s it!	anger
Dr. Green	Is that it?	anger
Rachel	Yes. Yes, he says I’m damaged goods.	sadness

Phoebe	So, you’re like a zillionaire?	surprise
Chandler	And you’re our age. You’re our age.	surprise
Phoebe	Y'know what, you should like, you should buy a state and then just name it after yourself.	neutral
Pete	What like Pete Dakota?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, or, or, or, Mississ-Pete.	neutral
Joey	Oh, oh, I got it! Pete-Chicago.	neutral
Chandler	That’s not a state Joe.	neutral
Joey	Oh, and Mississ-Pete is?	neutral
Pete	I got to go, so ah, I’ll see you guys later.	neutral
All	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	You’re our age!	surprise
Pete	So ah, we on for tomorrow?	neutral
Monica	Absolutely!	joy
Monica	Now get out of here you!!	joy
Monica	Okay, I’m running out of places I can touch him!	anger
Monica	Look, is there something wrong with me?	sadness
Monica	I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there’s no future?	sadness
Monica	Either they’re too old, or they’re too young, and then there’s Pete who’s-who’s crazy about me, and who’s absolutely perfect for me, and there’s like zip going on!	sadness
Monica	I mean, seriously, does it sound like something’s wrong with me?	sadness
Ross and Joey	No.	neutral

Phoebe	Okay, I’m gonna go get Frank.	neutral
Joey	So, we’re walking down the street and I turn to you and I say, “Hey, let’s go hang out at Totally Nude Nudes,” remember?	neutral
Joey	And then, and then, you turn to me and say, “Nah, let’s just hang out at your place.” Well, that was a nice move dumb ass.	joy

Phoebe	Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?	neutral
Rachel	You know what else I’m not gonna miss?	anger
Rachel	"I’m Monica.	anger
Rachel	I wash the toilet 17 times a day.	anger
Rachel	Even if people are on it!"	anger
Monica	"Hi I’m Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I’d better wash it and shrink it!"	anger
Rachel	"I’m Monica, I don’t get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"	anger
Phoebe	Hey! I call her!	joy
Monica	"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"	anger
Rachel	"Oh my God, I can’t find a boyfriend!	anger
Rachel	So I guess I’ll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"	anger
Phoebe	Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.	neutral

Ross	Item J437-A, color: winterberry.	neutral
Ross	Hi umm, listen come here, come in.	neutral
Ross	I’m so-so sorry about yesterday.	sadness
Ross	I-I’m really sorry.	sadness
Ross	It’s just that I	joy
Mona	Listen Ross, you don’t have to apologize. I understand why you were there.	neutral
Ross	You do?	surprise
Mona	Yeah, you still have feelings for me.	sadness
Mona	And-and to be honest, I-I still have feelings for you.	joy
Mona	And I wish that we can work it out Ross, but we can’t.	sadness
Mona	It’s too complicated with you and Rachel and the baby, I-I just… It just wasn’t meant to be.	sadness
Ross	Oh God you’re right.	joy
Mona	Ross, we…we have to be strong. Okay, I-I’m gonna go.  Can I? To remember you?	sadness
Ross	No.	neutral

Phoebe	I’m telling you, if you want to take care of that thing, you should go to my herbal guy.	neutral
Ross	Thank you, but I want to remove it Pheebs. I don’t want to make it savory.	neutral
Monica	Y'know when girls sleep with guys with weird things on their body, they tell their friends about it.	neutral
Ross	Gimme this.	neutral
Rachel	Hi! Okay, don’t be mad at me, but I couldn’t resist.	neutral
Monica	Brides magazines?	surprise
Rachel	Yes, and I know that you’d say no if he asked you, but I’m sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, you so would! Oh, you should get that anyway.  Like for clubbing.	sadness
Monica	It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes.	surprise
Monica	I know it’s a little sudden, and it’s a little rushed, and it’s totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn’t mean I can’t.	joy
Monica	Right?	joy
Monica	I mean I’m-I’m crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.	joy
Rachel	Oh my God.	surprise
Monica	I know.  I need more pie.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey Mon umm, if you do get married, can I bring two guests?	neutral
Rachel	You didn’t break up with that fireman?	surprise
Phoebe	No, that was my way of telling you.	neutral
Phoebe	Well, it turns out he’s incredibly sensitive, he keeps a journal and he paints.	neutral
Phoebe	He even showed me charcoal drawings that he drew of me.	neutral
Rachel	Wow!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah, well he’d prefer water colors, but y'know, he has easy access to a lot of charcoal.	neutral
Monica	So then, are you going to dump Jason?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, yeah, because I have to break up with someone, and… Okay so Jason is sensitive,  but now so’s Vince  Plus, Vince has the body y'know?	neutral
Phoebe	So… It’s really just about the math.	neutral

Mike	Ok, so it's a tie again, 41 to 41.	neutral
Chandler	Ok, look! Enough is enough!	anger
Monica	No, I have just to have two more points to beat him!	joy
Chandler	Monica, that was also true an	neutral
Monica	I can't just walk away! I've put in four hours!	anger
Monica	You knew this about me when you married me!	neutral
Monica	You agreed to take me in sickness and in health.	neutral
Monica	Well, this is my sickness!	anger

Joey	Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.	neutral
Joey	Yeah me too, all night.	neutral
Rachel	Really?! How come we didn’t cross paths?	surprise
Joey	Yeah well that’s because uh…I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don’t want to look in my hamper.	neutral

Chandler	I can’t believe there is a naked hooker in there!	surprise
Joey	Wait! Wait! Maybe she’s a hooker	surprise

Phoebe	Yeah, okay let’s leave these two alone.	neutral
Rachel	No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do it with some random guy!	disgust
Phoebe	Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this!	anger

Julie	So.	neutral
Rachel	So.	neutral
Rachel	I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit.	neutral
Rachel	I mean, you know, we've never really talked.	neutral
Rachel	I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?	neutral
Julie	I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.	fear
Rachel	Really? Me?	surprise
Julie	Oh my god, are you kidding?	surprise
Julie	Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.	anger
Rachel	Well, you're not totally paranoid.	neutral
Julie	Oy.	joy
Rachel	Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.	sadness
Julie	Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.	joy
Julie	I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.	neutral
Rachel	All right, Julie.	neutral
Julie	Bye.	neutral
Rachel	Bye.  What a manipulative bitch.	disgust

Phoebe	Chandler, I found the perfect ring.	joy
Chandler	Oh, that’s uh, that’s pretty nice but I’m gonna go with the one I picked first.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It’s over!	anger
Chandler	What?	surprise
Phoebe	Some guy bought it. I’m sorry. I tired to stop it but they  put me in jail!	sadness
Chandler	They put you in jail?	surprise
Phoebe	The little jail between the doors!	anger
Chandler	Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!	anger
Phoebe	I know, I’m sorry! But y’know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.	anger
Chandler	Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.	sadness
Phoebe	Maybe it was the guy.	neutral
Chandler	It was the ring!	anger

Rachel	No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?	neutral
Barry	Well, if you want, I'll just—I'll just break it off with her.	neutral
Rachel	No. No-no-no-no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.	anger
Bernice	Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush is here for his adjustment.	neutral
Barry	Thanks, Bernice.  Let's go away this weekend.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..	surprise
Barry	We can, we can go to Aruba!	joy
Barry	When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice.	sadness
Barry	You would've liked it.	sadness
Rachel	I had a bra.	neutral
Bobby	Hey, Dr. Farber.	neutral
Barry	All right Miss Green, everything looks fine... Yep, I think we're starting to see some real progress here.	neutral
Rachel	What?!	surprise
Bobby	I'm twelve, I'm not stupid.	fear

Rachel	Oh my God! What does	surprise

Monica	Oh that's an eye removal machine.	neutral
Rachel	All right, I'm outta here!	anger
Monica	I'm kidding! I'm kidding!	joy
Rachel	So were done then!	anger
Dr. Miller	Almost! But first, we gotta start.	neutral
Dr. Miller	This is a glaucoma test.	neutral
Rachel	Uh-huh.	neutral
Dr. Miller	Sit down.	neutral
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Dr. Miller	But your chin here.  Now, you'll feel a small puff of air in each eye.	neutral
Rachel	What?!	surprise
Monica	A small puff of air, now come on!	anger

Joey	Sure, now I’m scared.	fear
Phoebe	No, we can go together! Just don’t wait too long though, okay? ‘Cause I’m outta here sometime before Friday.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, but I don’t wanna die!	fear
Phoebe	No-no, it’ll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!	joy

Phoebe	Um, Chandler, Ross, this is Robert.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, hey.	neutral
Robert	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	You’ve have lipstick right here . That’s okay, it’s mine, we just kissed.	neutral

Chandler	Hey!	surprise
Joey	Hey!	surprise
Joey	No. Y'know how we’re always saying we need a place for the mail.	neutral
Joey	Well, I started building one. But then I decided to take it to the next step.	neutral
Chandler	You’re building a post office?	surprise
Joey	No, an entertainment unit, with a mail cubby built right in. It’s a one day job, max.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.  My word! Those are snug.	surprise
Joey	Oh yeah. These are my old work pants, Sergio Valente’s.	neutral
Joey	Power saw kinda got away from me there.	neutral

Rachel	Hi!	joy
Chandler	Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!	anger
Rachel	So just bring it back downstairs, what’s the problem?	neutral
Chandler	I can’t seem to say goodbye.	sadness
Rachel	Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?	surprise
Chandler	Well I’ve forgotten what it tastes like okay?!	anger
Rachel	It was cheesecake.	neutral
Rachel	It was fine.	neutral
Rachel	It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling…  Wow!	surprise
Rachel	My whole mouth just filled with saliva!	joy
Chandler	Y’know what? Forget it!	anger
Rachel	Yeah and we’ll drop it off downstairs so that we’re not tempted.	neutral
Chandler	Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?	neutral
Rachel	Momma’s Little Bakery, Chicago, Illinois.	neutral

Tag	This one’s from me.	neutral
Rachel	Ahh!	surprise
Tag	It wasn’t on your list, but hopefully you’ll think it’s really fun.	neutral
Rachel	A scooter!	surprise
Ross	Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.	neutral
Rachel	No! No-no, I love it. Thank you.	joy
Chandler	Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!	joy
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Now that you’re a couple, we don’t get two presents from you guys?	neutral
Chandler	For my last birthday you gave me a	neutral
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	Happy birthday Grandma!	joy
Rachel	It’s better to be over the hill  then buried under it.	neutral
Rachel	All our love Monica and Chandler.	neutral
Rachel	That’s funny, yeah!	joy
Chandler	No-no-no-no! That was the joke!	surprise
Rachel	No, I know! I get it! It’s funny!	joy
Chandler	No, because you’re not a grandmother!	sadness
Rachel	No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don’t have any of those things.	sadness
Rachel	That’s why it’s so funny.	neutral
Monica	All you had to do was buy the card!	anger

Phoebe	Hey, Joey. What's going on?	neutral
Joey	Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next stop: Rachel Green.	neutral
Monica	Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!	disgust
Joey	Sorry. Wrong boobies.	sadness
Monica	Hello, Joey.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	Oh! ...Hello, dear.	surprise

Joey	Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?	surprise
Chandler	I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic...	joy
Joey	Really?	surprise
Chandler	No, you kidding? The guy's a freak..	disgust
Both	Hey, buddy.	neutral
Receptionist	Oh, that's attractive.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.	joy
Ross	Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?	disgust
Joey	Oh, ah- the kid has it.	neutral
Ross	The kid...?  Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.	anger
Chandler	You gotta do it, man.	neutral
Ross	Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever——can't do it.  Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.	anger
Ross	Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!	anger
Receptionist	Hey! Hey! No rough holding in my ER!	anger
Ross	GIVE ME MY PUCK!!	anger
Ross	...Now	anger

Rachel	Oh, look, wish me luck!	joy
Monica	What for?	neutral
Rachel	I'm gonna go get one of those  job things.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That’s good right?	neutral
Monica	You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!	anger
Phoebe	What? He’s gonna be dressed as a baby!  Oh hi Mrs. Green!	surprise
Monica	Hi!	joy
Phoebe	I’m so glad you could make it.	joy
Monica	Yes, thank you so much. And again, we’re so sorry. We could not feel worse about it.	joy
Mrs. Green	Try. There’s my little girl.	joy
Monica	She’s still mad.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah I know. Isn’t it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.	joy
Monica	Phoebe, Sandra’s mad at you too. It-it doesn’t bother you?	surprise

Rachel	Oh, that’s very—Really very-very okay.	neutral
Marc	Julie’s cervix is dilated a seven centimeters, that’s about four fingers. The doctor let me feel it myself.	joy

Julie	Have you felt Rachel’s cervix Ross?	neutral

Rachel	No, I don’t think we’ll be doing that.	disgust
Ross	We’re not gonna do that.	disgust
Julie	Well, if you like you can feel Rachel’s and then feel mine to compare.	neutral
Mrs. Geller	Am I interrupting?	neutral
Ross	Uh yes! Thank you.	joy
Rachel	Oh. Oh wait no.	neutral
Ross	Later.	neutral

Ross	Oh uh, I’m sorry.	neutral
Rachel	No Ross! Ross! Ross! My child has no father!	fear

Monica	Try feeding her again.	neutral
Rachel	I already fed her.	neutral
Monica	I know, that’s why I said again!	anger
Phoebe	Alright you guys, we can’t turn on each other, Okay?   That’s just what she wants.	fear
Chandler	Hey.	neutral

Monica	Phoebe! Rachel! It’s Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice!  Oh.	joy
Rachel	Oh Monica, we are so sorry.	sadness
Monica	For what?	joy
Rachel	Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.	sadness
Phoebe	And then for forgetting to invite you to it.	neutral
Monica	You al-you already had it?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, we called everyone in your phone book and a bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don’t have either.	sadness
Phoebe	We ruined everything.	sadness
Rachel	Ugh	sadness
Monica	Well no, wait a minute, that’s not true!	sadness
Monica	No, what did, that was really sweet.	joy
Monica	And it kinda works out for the best.	joy
Rachel	What do you, what do you mean?	surprise
Monica	Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love!	joy
Monica	I mean, I get all those presents  without having to talk to people I don’t even like!	joy
Rachel	Surprise	sadness
Joey	Surprise	joy
Rachel	Monica.	neutral

Monica	I can't believe it's raining again! Oh, it's so unfair!!!	anger
Phoebe	Well, on the bright side, now you won't have to see all these paleontologists with their shirts off.	neutral
Phoebe	Not you guys.	neutral
Phoebe	You got it going on!	joy
Monica	So, what are we gonna do today?	neutral
Mike	They have a game room downstairs! Ping pong and stuff.	neutral
Monica	Ping pong?  Honey, they have ping pong! Let's play!	surprise
Chandler	I don't think so!	joy
Monica	Why not?	neutral
Chandler	Because you know how competitive you get and well, I say it's cute, others disagree, and I'm lying!	neutral
Monica	I'm not always that bad!	neutral
Chandler	Oh,	neutral
Monica	I punched you...?	surprise
Chandler	And...?	surprise
Monica	... Phoebe...?	surprise
Phoebe	... and...?	neutral
Monica	I clunked your heads together!	neutral

Ross	Sorry I ah, I scared you in there.	sadness
Monica	Oh, that’s okay. By the way, I was just checking the shower massager.	neutral
Ross	Yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey!	surprise
Monica	I tried to reach you at work. There’s....been a fire.	sadness
Phoebe	What?! Oh my...  Oh my God!! What happened?!	surprise
Ross	Well, we believe it originated here.  In the Aroma Room.	neutral
Phoebe	All right. Did everyone get out okay?	fear
Monica	Well, the giraffe’s okay. And so is the pirate.	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh. What is this?	surprise
Ross	No Phoebe, don’t look! You don’t want to see what’s under there!!	fear
Phoebe	Ohh, the-the Foster puppets!	sadness

Ross	Hey! How long until Pete’s fight?	neutral
Monica	Oh, about five minutes. Right now they’re interviewing his opponent. Apparently he trains by going to Iran and pulling the arms off thieves.	neutral
Ross	Hot dog?	neutral
Monica	Four, please.  I’m really nervous.  Thank you.	fear
Phoebe	So Ross, how umm, how did it go with Bonnie?	neutral
Ross	I gotta tell you, I-I wasn’t expecting to like her at all, I mean I actually wasn’t expecting to like anyone right now, but she’s really terrific.	joy
Phoebe	Ohh, that’s too bad!	sadness
Ross	No, I-I’m saying I liked her.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, y'know what, there are other fish in the sea.	neutral
Ross	Pheebs, I think she’s great. Okay? We’re going out again.	joy
Phoebe	Okay, I hear you! Are you capable of talking about any thing else?	disgust
Chandler	Hey! Which one’s my turkey burger?	neutral
Ross	Ahh, the one next to my foot. Sorry.	neutral
Joey	Hey, the fight’s starting!	joy
Ross	Okay, we’ll be right in.  So ah, did your boss try to slap you again today?	neutral
Chandler	Nine times!	anger
Chandler	Okay, I had to put on lotion!	neutral
Chandler	But, it’s gonna be okay, because as of tomorrow I’m conducting an experiment, and if all goes as planned, my butt will be smack free.	neutral
Joey	Fight’s over!	neutral

Chandler	Okay, okay, here she comes!  How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn’t want to get married?	neutral
Joey	Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy.  I never noticed that before.	surprise
Monica	Hi guys!	joy
Joey	Hey!	neutral
Monica	What are you up too?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, just hanging out, talkin’ about uh, websites.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, Big Brother.	neutral
Monica	Well that’s a little crazy. Although I am y’know glad to hear that you’re branching out on what you look at on the Internet.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, well… Y’know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?	neutral
Monica	Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!	anger
Chandler	Eh	neutral
Monica	Okay well that’s good to know.	sadness
Joey	The Mr. Bowmont’s here!!!	joy

Chandler	Oh that’s great, my friend Joey’s in the movie business.	joy
Dana	Y’know who I ran into from school? Howie.	neutral
Chandler	My friend’s name is Joey.	neutral
Dana	Apparently Howie’s editing now.	neutral
Dana	Yeah, he-he-he calls me up and asks me if he can edit my new movie.	anger
Dana	Can you believe that?!	surprise
Dana	Y’know I-I-I haven’t spoken to him in like ten years and he asks me for a favor!	surprise
Chandler	Yeah, I’ve always hated that Howie.	disgust
Dana	No, no "How you doing?" Man, I mean not even a cup of coffee first!	disgust
Chandler	The nerve huh?	disgust
Dana	Yeah!	disgust
Chandler	Refill?	neutral

Ross	Hey! How you doing?	joy
Tag	Good! Good, long time no see.	joy
Tag	Like your sweater.	neutral
Ross	Oh hey, right back at ya.	neutral
Tag	Oh, it’s crazy about Rachel huh?	surprise
Ross	Yeah. She—Well, she’s one crazy lady?	surprise
Tag	So whose is it?	neutral
Ross	Umm, I don’t some Italian guy. Come on, read your own label. See you later.	neutral
Tag	Okay.	neutral
Ross	He is so weird.	anger

Monica	You wanna fool around with Joey?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah!	joy
Rachel	You know, ever since I had that dream about him, and can't    get it out of my head!	joy
Rachel	And what's the big deal, people do it all the time!	surprise
Monica	Who? Who do you know that are friends that just fool around?	surprise
Rachel	Ok, off the top of my head... Don and Janet.	neutral
Monica	Who, who are they?	neutral
Rachel	I know them from work.	neutral
Monica	Both of them?	surprise
Rachel	No, one of them...	neutral
Monica	Which one?	neutral
Rachel	I don't know, what were the names I just said?	neutral
Monica	Rachel, things can get incredibly complicated.	anger
Rachel	All right, all right, you're right	sadness
Monica	What the hell are you cooking!	surprise

Phoebe	Oh my God! How did you get back here?!	surprise
Phoebe	Fire alarm?  Oh! Hi, officer—fireman, can-can I help you?	surprise
The Fireman	We found your fire alarm in the trash chute.	anger
Phoebe	That’s not mine.	neutral
The Fireman	Yes it is.	neutral
Phoebe	How do you know?	fear
The Fireman	The next time you want to dump a fire alarm in a trash chute, don’t wrap it in a blanket that says, "Property of Phoebe Buffay not Monica."	disgust
Phoebe	Okay do you—Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America!	anger
The Fireman	Please reattach this, it’s against the law to disconnect them.	neutral
Phoebe	Fine!  But please God.. tell me how to stop them from going off!	anger
The Fireman	There’s a reset button under the plastic cover.	neutral
Phoebe	There’s a reset button?!	surprise
Phoebe	My God!	surprise
Phoebe	Why didn’t I see that!	surprise
Phoebe	Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh here it is!	joy
Phoebe	Oh!	surprise
Phoebe	Ohh, God!	joy

Ross	Four letters: "Circle or hoop".	neutral
Chandler	Ring dammit, ring!	anger
Ross	Thanks.	neutral
Joey	Hey, you know our phone's not working?	surprise
Chandler	What?!	surprise
Joey	I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.	neutral
Chandler	I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!	anger
Monica	Just like you told her you did!  ... Just pointing out the irony.	neutral
Joey	Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?	anger
Joey	Nngghhh!!!!!!!	anger
Joey	Can I use your phone?  Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.	neutral
Ross	"Heating device."	neutral
Phoebe	Radiator.	neutral
Ross	Five letters.	neutral
Phoebe	Rdtor.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, is Sidney there?  Oh, this is?  Sidney's a woman.	surprise

Receptionist	Well, you'll have to wait your turn.	neutral
Joey	Well, how long do you think it'll be?	neutral
Receptionist	Any minute now.	neutral

Ross	Hey, this-  Heyy...	joy

Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Hey! Any good mail?	neutral
Chandler	Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor’s Guild.	neutral
Joey	Ooh, it’s probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I’m kinda….	neutral
Chandler	"Benefits lapsed."	neutral
Joey	Hmm that’s weird. I don’t remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, it’s not a check. They’re saying your health insurance expired because, you didn’t work enough last year.	neutral
Joey	Let me see that!	surprise
Chandler	All right.	neutral
Joey	Oh, I can’t believe this!	surprise
Joey	This sucks!	anger
Joey	When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y’know?	fear
Joey	And it wouldn’t matter.	anger
Joey	Now I gotta be careful?	anger
Chandler	I’m sorry man, there’s never a good time to  stop catching on fire.	sadness
Joey	All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I’m gonna go see my agent.	sadness
Chandler	Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.	neutral
Joey	look both ways before you cross the street.	joy

Monica	I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!	surprise

Chandler	I know, it's beautiful. Amazing.	joy
Chandler	I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.	neutral
Monica	Do you know anything about women?	neutral
Chandler	No.	neutral
Monica	That's all right.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral

Rachel	Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.	joy
Ross	Yeah. He could row like a viking.	joy
Monica	Hi.	neutral
All	Mmm.	neutral
Ross	So how'd it go?	neutral

Monica	Oh, y'know..	neutral

Phoebe	Did he mention us?	neutral
Monica	He said he's really gonna miss you guys.	sadness
Ross	You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere.	sadness

Monica	...love you.	joy
Ross	Are you're hands still wet?	neutral
Joey	Uh, moist, yeah.	neutral
Rachel	Let's dry 'em again.	neutral

Rachel	Oh my God! Oh my God!!	sadness
Monica	Still crying?	surprise
Rachel	Like a	neutral
Monica	Y’know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.	neutral
Rachel	What’s the other one?	neutral
Monica	I don’t know, I’ve never had to use the other one.	neutral
Monica	I’m just saying y’know, if we’re having sex, he’s not gonna be talking.	neutral
Rachel	Oh that’s right.	joy
Rachel	You’re the talker.	neutral
Rachel	Anyway uh, great idea!	joy
Rachel	Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.	neutral
Monica	Oh, we have some	neutral
Rachel	No you don’t!	anger

Phoebe	Okay, yeah.  Triple A can pick us up.	neutral

Phoebe	Yeah, what town are we near?	neutral
Monica	Freemont. West-Westmont, ah Westburg?	neutral
Phoebe	Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we’re on?	anger

Rachel	Yeah, we are definitely on Route 27.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.  We are at a rest stop on Route 27. Okay.  There is no Route 27.   Okay, either 93 or 76?	neutral
Rachel	I don’t know, I’m sorry, I always slept in the back when we drove up here.	sadness
Phoebe	Hey, can you send somebody up and down 76 and check every rest stop, and, and also 93?	neutral
Phoebe	Okay!	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, no they don’t do that.	neutral
Rachel	Ugh, okay, well somebody will come and save us.	neutral
Monica	Who?	anger
Monica	I mean have you seen a car come by here in the last hour and a half?	fear
Monica	I think we should call Ross, maybe he can get a car and come pick us up.	neutral
Rachel	No! No, I am not getting in a car with Ross, we will just have to live here!	anger
Phoebe	But if...	fear
Rachel	No you guys, I am not getting in a car with him, you’ll have to think of something else.	anger
Phoebe	Oh good, oh Joey and Chandler are back.	joy
Monica	So the going for help went well?	neutral

Joey	I’m telling you man, I saw it.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, well, you’re wrong! Okay, you’re wrong.	anger
Joey	I’m not wrong! I wish I was. I’m sorry. Bet that barium enema doesn’t sound so bad now, huh?	sadness

Monica	I know.	neutral
Monica	Let’s try a look…of far off…wonderment.	neutral
Monica	Okay, we’ll-we’ll gaze into our future and we’ll think about our marriage and the days to come.	joy
Monica	Chandler!	surprise
Monica	What is the matter with your face?!	surprise
Monica	I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!"	anger
Monica	Hey!	anger
Monica	Don’t laugh at him!	anger
Monica	He’s	neutral

Rachel	We’re gonna find love!	joy
Phoebe	Definitely!	joy
Rachel	Yeah, I’m pretty confident about that.	neutral
Rachel	That’s what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler!	joy
Rachel	It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.	neutral
Phoebe	What do you mean?	neutral
Rachel	Well y’know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they’re 40, they marry each other.	neutral
Phoebe	You mean a backup?	neutral
Rachel	Exactly!	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, yeah I got that.	neutral
Rachel	You do?	neutral
Phoebe	Hm-mmm	neutral
Rachel	Who?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah!	joy
Rachel	Are you serious?!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah, I locked him years ago!	joy
Rachel	Wh… So… If neither of you are married by the time you’re 40, you’re gonna marry Joey.	surprise
Phoebe	Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, seriously?	surprise
Joey	Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?	neutral

Chandler	Yeah, I’m sorry man.  You wanna go watch?	neutral
Joey	Yeah!	joy

Tag	Good morning.	neutral
Rachel	Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?	joy
Tag	Oh yeah! We went to the Knicks game.	joy
Rachel	Ohh that’s nice.	joy
Tag	Then we went to this bar and he hooked us up with all these women!	joy
Rachel	Wo-women? You mean like old women?	disgust
Tag	Well kinda old, like 30.	neutral
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Tag	And I never used to be able to just talk to girls in bars, but I got like 20 phone numbers last night.	surprise
Rachel	That’s great! Wow man, so Joey must’ve really taught you some stuff huh?	surprise
Tag	A little.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah?	surprise
Tag	How you doin’?	neutral

Monica	Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!	joy
Phoebe	I know.	neutral
Rachel	So does it really hurt as bad as they say?	joy

Monica	What did you just say?	surprise
Chandler	You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.	joy
Monica	Are you serious?!	surprise
Chandler	Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.	joy
Monica	I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.	joy
Chandler	Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it!	joy
Chandler	What do you say?	neutral
Monica	Okay!	joy
Chandler	Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right!	joy
Chandler	Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one?	anger
Drunken Gambler	It went under the table.	neutral
Monica	Nobody move!  Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!	anger
Chandler	Here it is! Here it is!	joy
Monica	That could be a four or a five. It's your call.	neutral
Chandler	It's a four.	neutral
Monica	I think so too.	neutral

Joey	Well that’s it. I’m done. Whew!  There come the meat sweats.	joy
Monica	Well Joey, we’re all…we’re all very proud of you.	joy
Chandler	Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now.	neutral
Phoebe	Is there anything we can do for you?	neutral
Joey	No just, nobody press on my stomach.	neutral
Rachel	You can keep those pants by the way.	neutral
Joey	Whoa—hey—wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?	surprise
Monica	Yeah, you want some?	neutral
Joey	Ah, just cut me a little sliver.	joy
Joey	A little bigger.	neutral
Joey	Little bigger.	neutral
Joey	What?!	surprise
Joey	Are you afraid you’re gonna run out?!	anger
Joey	Cut me a real piece!	anger

Ross	Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?	surprise
Phoebe	I need to talk to you, it’s pretty urgent. It’s about Monica and Chandler.	neutral
Ross	Oh my God!	surprise
Ross	Of course, of course.	neutral
Ross	Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment?	neutral
Ross	Umm, do you know each other’s hometowns?	neutral
Ross	Why don’t you…   Wh-what’s going on?	fear
Phoebe	Well, umm, not much.	neutral
Phoebe	But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y’know?	neutral
Phoebe	So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?	neutral
Ross	Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what’s wrong with Monica and Chandler?	neutral
Phoebe	Nothing..Why?	neutral
Ross	Phoebe, you said it was urgent!	anger
Phoebe	Oh yeah it is! I’m going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.	neutral
Ross	Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?	anger
Phoebe	Oh, I’m sorry. I’m so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?	neutral

Ross	Look, look, there’s got to be a way we can work past this.	sadness
Ross	Okay,  I can’t imagine, I can’t imagine my life without you.	fear
Ross	Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart.	sadness
Ross	Your good heart Rach,  and, and....	sadness
Rachel	No.	neutral
Rachel	I can’t, you’re a totally different person to me now.	sadness
Rachel	I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever.	sadness
Rachel	God, and now I just can’t stop picturing with her, I can’t,  it doesn’t matter what you say, or what you do, Ross.	sadness
Rachel	It’s just changed, everything.	sadness
Rachel	Forever.	sadness
Ross	Yeah, but this can’t be it, I mean.	sadness
Rachel	Then how come it is?	sadness

Monica	Windows are clean, candels are lit.	neutral
Monica	Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt.	joy
Monica	Did I turn the fish?	neutral
Monica	No, cause I made lasagne.	neutral
Monica	Am I out of control?	anger
Rachel	Just a touch.	neutral
Rachel	Mon, I don't understand.	neutral
Rachel	I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms?	surprise
Rachel	I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.	surprise
Monica	What?	neutral
Rachel	Could tonight be the Night?	joy
Monica	I don't know.	neutral
Monica	Look he's a great guy and I love being with him but... you know.	joy
Monica	Things happen, and they happen.	joy
Monica	You don't plan these things.	neutral
Rachel	So, did you shave your legs?	neutral
Monica	Yeah.	neutral

Joey	Ross!	anger
The Casting Director	Okay, Raymond, Joey you're up.	neutral
Joey	Hi!	joy
The Casting Director	Okay, uh well, let's try one. Whenever you guys are ready.	neutral
Joey	Uh-oh.	fear
The Casting Director	Is there a problem?	neutral
Joey	Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato.	neutral
Joey	But that's okay, no problem.	neutral
Joey	No problem.	neutral
Joey	Hmm, noodle soup.	neutral
The Casting Director	Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."	neutral
Joey	Oh, what did I say?	surprise
The Casting Director	Hmm, noodle soup.	neutral
Joey	How's that different?  Oh! Yeah!	surprise
The Casting Director	All right, let's try one.	neutral
Joey	Hmm, noodle soup.	neutral
The Casting Director	Okay. Let's do it again.	neutral
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Hmm, soup.  I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!	anger
Raymond	COME ON!!!!	anger
The Casting Director	Y'know what? We need to move on.	anger
Joey	No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look!  Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit!	anger

Rachel	Okay. Just give us a second. Ross!	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	neutral
Rachel	Give her some money.	neutral
Ross	I really think they’re out of rooms.	neutral
Rachel	They’re not!! Ross, they’re just saving them for the important people!! Okay?! What-what if I was the president?!	anger
Ross	Well then we’d be in a lot of trouble, you don’t know where any countries are.	neutral
Ross	Okay.	neutral
Ross	Uh, say would you umm… Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have  opened up?	neutral
Nurse	This is a hospital.	neutral
Rachel	Y’know what?	neutral
Rachel	I’d have to say I really don’t care for your tone.	anger
Rachel	And this is not the only hospital in this city and we have no problem to—Whoa!	anger
Rachel	Oh gosh!	surprise
Ross	What-what?	surprise
Rachel	Ow! Ow! Contraction.  Ow-ow! Ow-ow!	surprise
Nurse	Would you like to see a semi-private room?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, it couldn’t hurt to look.	neutral

Ross	I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half.	neutral
Kristin	That's funny. Who are they?	joy
Ross	The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.	neutral
Kristin	You mean they're lovers.	surprise
Ross	If you wanna put a label on it.	neutral
Kristin	Wow, uh, anything else I should know?	surprise

Rachel	Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.	sadness
Ross	Okay, quick and painful.	neutral
Rachel	Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.	fear
Ross	Oh, what? What-what?	surprise
Rachel	Y'know Marcel?	neutral
Ross	...Yeah?	neutral
Rachel	Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him.	sadness

Rachel	Hi Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Hi!	joy
Rachel	How are ya?	neutral
Phoebe	Good.	neutral
Rachel	Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy’s cell phone?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah!	joy
Rachel	And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!	anger
Phoebe	Ooh, now you lost me.	fear
Rachel	You stole the phone!	anger
Phoebe	No I didn’t!	anger
Rachel	No? So you’re saying that if I called it, it wouldn’t ring?	anger
Phoebe	No. Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag.  Oh, it does work!	fear
Rachel	Phoebe!	anger

Tag	It’s not here.	neutral
Rachel	Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don’t you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?	neutral
Tag	How could I have left them in the copy room?	neutral
Rachel	I don’t know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It’s not a perfect world! Just go please.	anger
Tag	Fine.	anger

Joey	How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!	joy
Stage Director	This will be your phone.	neutral
Joey	That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls.	neutral
Stage Director	No you answer it and take pledges.	neutral
Joey	But I'm the host!	surprise
Stage Director	No, Gary Collins is the host. You'll be answering the phones.	neutral
Joey	You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray.	neutral
Stage Director	Well, here's your phone doctor.	neutral

Gunther	Hey guys.	neutral
Monica	Hey Gunther. Hi.  I mean you’re going out on a date with the noisy guy upstairs?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, he’s very charming.	neutral
Monica	I know, he’s too charming, but if you two start going out, then it’s just gonna make it so much harder for me to hate him.	disgust
Phoebe	Well, you’re just gonna have to try.	neutral
Monica	Joey, where are the	neutral
Joey	I don’t know, Chandler is supposed to be passin’ ‘em around...	neutral

Chandler	Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go.	anger
Monica	Oh wait! Stop! Stop! Stop!	joy
Chandler	Oh I’m sorry! Do you need a break?	surprise
Monica	My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?	joy
Chandler	I can see it from right here. It’ll cost you one husband.	joy
Monica	Okay, I’m sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.	sadness

Phoebe	Come on more!	anger
Monica	Oh God!	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, you like that don’t you?	neutral
Monica	Oh yeah right there!	joy
Phoebe	You want it there? You take it there baby!	joy
Monica	Uh Phoebe?	sadness
Phoebe	Yeah, say my name. Say it!  And now I’m going to cover you back up, and umm we’re never doing this again.	joy

Kate	Happy?! Is that what I’m supposed to be Vic? Happy?	anger
Joey	Well, why don’t you tell me what you’re supposed to be!	anger
Joey	Huh?	neutral
Joey	Because I sure as hell can’t figure it out!	anger
Joey	I talk to you and it’s nothin’.	neutral
Joey	You look at me, and nothin’.	neutral
Joey	Nothing.	neutral
The Director	You guys make me fly! High! Okay, we’re gonna pick it up here, tomorrow.	joy
Kate	Well, that was ah...	neutral

Monica	What?! What are you doing?!	surprise
Chandler	Do you know what just happened?	anger
Monica	Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.	neutral
Chandler	No. We were in the middle of sex…and	neutral
Monica	Nooo! No, that’s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked my world!	joy

Joey	Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.	neutral
Ross	Phoebe, why is your bag moving?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, it's not!	neutral
Rachel	Seriously, it's moving!	surprise
Joey	What the hell is in there?	surprise
Phoebe	It's just my knitting that's all!  Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.	neutral

Joey	There will come a time in each of your careers when you’ll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor.	neutral
Joey	I had such an opportunity in the recent, present.	neutral
Joey	And I’m ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually.	sadness
Joey	Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him.	anger
Joey	And now, he’s got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I’m stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV.	sadness
Joey	I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.	sadness
Joey	Thank you.	neutral

Phoebe	Rach?	surprise
Rachel	I’ll be out in a second.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh.  It’s just so unexpected! I…I uh…Boy I’ll tell you it’s just such an honor to be nominated for a	joy
Rachel	Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at 8:00.	neutral
Phoebe	in Reservations at 8:00 by Neil Simon.  Thank-thank you Neil. Thank you for the words.	neutral
Rachel	Okay honey, you can finish this later we’re gonna be late. We gotta go.	neutral
Phoebe	Please, don’t play the music. Just uh one more.	joy

Rachel	I can't believe you don't want to know.	surprise
Rachel	I mean, I couldn't not know, I mean, if, if the doctor knows, and Carol knows, and Susan knows....	joy
Monica	And Monica knows...	neutral
Ross	Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!	surprise
Monica	Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.	neutral
Joey	So what's it gonna be?	joy
Ross	Wait—oh—hey—huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!	anger
Monica	I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!	joy
Joey	Or an uncle...	neutral
Chandler	Hey Phoebe!	joy
Ross	Hi Pheebs!	joy
Rachel	Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Fine!	anger
Monica	Phoebe, what's the matter?	neutral
Phoebe	Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, right, that's me!	surprise
Joey	Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.	neutral
Chandler	Fine.	neutral
Monica	Phoebe, what is it?	neutral
Phoebe	All right, you know Paolo?	neutral
Ross	I'm familiar with his work, yes...	neutral
Phoebe	Well, he made a move on me.	anger
Joey	Whoa, store will be open tomorrow!	surprise
Chandler	More coffee over here, please!	joy

Phoebe	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Hey. What, what are you doing here?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental.	sadness
Phoebe	Yeah,  oh, but oh...	neutral
Joey	Look now, Phoebe remember, hey, their just fulfilling their Christmas....	neutral
Phoebe	Destiny.	neutral
Joey	Sure.	neutral
Phoebe	Yes.	neutral
Joey	All right.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.  Yikes! That one doesn’t look very fulfilled.	surprise
Joey	Oh, that’s, that’s ah, one of the old ones, he’s just taking it to the back.	neutral
Phoebe	You keep the old ones in the back, that is so ageist.	anger
Joey	Well we have to make room for the fresh ones.	neutral
Phoebe	So, what happens to the old guys?	sadness
Joey	Well, they go into the chipper.	neutral
Phoebe	Why, do I have a feeling that’s not as happy as it sounds?  No! Nooooo!!!	fear
Joey	Hey! Hey!!	surprise

Monica	Light still out?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Monica	Oh. Maybe they're- napping.	neutral
Rachel	Oh please, they're having sex.	sadness
Monica and Phoebe	Shut up!	anger
Rachel	So, whaddya think George is like?	neutral
Monica	I think he's shy.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	surprise
Monica	Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal.	neutral

Ross	Hi! Hi, I’m Ross, you don’t know me, but I’m a big, big fan of yours. I mean,	joy
Isabella	Aren’t you with that girl over there?	neutral
Ross	Well, yeah, kinda.	neutral
Ross	Um, but that’s okay, see we have an understanding, um, see we each have this list of five famous people,  so I’m allowed to sleep with you.	neutral
Ross	No, no, no, it’s flattery.	joy
Ross	Oh no, no, no, wait, wait, Isabella.	joy
Ross	Don’t, don’t just dismiss this so fast.	fear
Ross	I mean this is a once in a lifetime opportunity...	neutral
Isabella	Yeah, for you. Is that the list?	neutral
Ross	Um, yeah.	neutral
Isabella	May I see it?	neutral
Ross	Um, no.	fear
Isabella	Come on!	joy
Ross	But, okay.	neutral
Isabella	I’m not on the list!	surprise
Ross	Um, see, but that’s not the final draft.	neutral
Isabella	It’s laminated!	anger
Ross	Yeah, um, okay see, you were, you were on the list but my friend, Chandler  brought up the very good point that you are international, so I bumped you for Wynona Rider, local.	neutral
Isabella	Y'know it’s ironic...	neutral
Isabella	...because I have a list of five goofy coffee house guys and yesterday I bumped you for that guy over there.	neutral
Ross	We’re just gonna be friends.	neutral

Phoebe	Get out of here you lurker!  Go on! Get!	anger
Chandler	Hey Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Ohh! You made up!	surprise
Monica	Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love.	joy
Phoebe	Ohh, get a room.	disgust
Monica	We have one.	neutral
Phoebe	I know. Use it.	disgust

Rachel	Oh Mon, listen I have to ask!	surprise
Rachel	Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?	neutral
Monica	Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!	neutral
Rachel	Ohh! And I’m one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!	surprise
Monica	Well, y’know it’s none of my business, but aren’t you married?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y’know I just wish we could be like on a break!	anger

Rachel	Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!	anger
Ross	So that’s the only reason she could be here huh?	neutral
Ross	It couldn’t have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I’m a good listener and I uh I put on a	neutral
Rachel	Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!	anger
Ross	I think I can take care of myself, I’ll talk to you later.	neutral
Ross	Good-bye.	neutral
Ross	Whoa!	surprise
Ross	Uh, that was your sister actually.	neutral
Ross	She-she thinks that you’re just using me.	neutral
Jill	So?	neutral

Phoebe	I’m sorry.	sadness
Phoebe Sr	What are you doing here?!	surprise
Phoebe	I-I, came to fill your ice cube trays.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	Umm, okay, okay, look.	neutral
Phoebe	I took this picture from your fridge.	anger
Phoebe	Okay, because I know that this is my Father.	anger
Phoebe	Yeah, this is Frank Buffay and you are standing right there next to him.	anger
Phoebe	Now, look I deserve to know where I came from.	anger
Phoebe	All right?	anger
Phoebe	So if you can help me find my Father then you should!	anger
Phoebe	Otherwise, you’re just mean!	anger
Phoebe	So, just tell me the truth!	anger
Phoebe Sr	All right, the man in the picture is Chuck Magioni.	neutral
Phoebe	My Father is Chuck Magioni?	surprise
Phoebe Sr	No, no, that’s just Chuck Magioni, I-I sold him a house last year!	neutral
Phoebe Sr	And I’m very sorry, but I don’t know where your Father is, and that’s the truth.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh.	sadness
Phoebe Sr	But umm, you’re right.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	I think that a person should know where they come from.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	Wh-which is why I ah,  ahh,  okay.	neutral
Phoebe Sr	I’m your mother.	neutral
Phoebe	Heh?	surprise
Phoebe Sr	Y'know I wanted to tell you yesterday, but I just, I kinda felt all floopy, and...	sadness

A Student	What’s happening to your accent?	surprise
Ross	Come again?	surprise
Ross	What’s-what’s this nonsense?	fear
Ross	All right, I’m-I’m not English.	sadness
Ross	I’m from Long Island.	neutral
Ross	I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out.	sadness
Ross	I’m sorry.	sadness
Ross	So, if we could just get back to the lecture.	neutral
Ross	Umm, were there any questions?	neutral
Ross	About paleontology.	neutral
Ross	All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression.	anger
Ross	Obviously, I screwed up.	sadness
Ross	But what you guys think of me is really important because I’m-I’m hoping to get a permanent job here.	neutral
Ross	So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression	neutral
Rachel	Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am	anger
Ross	Well, hello Rachel!	surprise

Chandler	Where you going, Joe?	neutral
Joey	For a walk.	neutral
Chandler	Oh. You mind if I join you?	neutral
Joey	Actually, that will be long. You know, I really need to organize    my thoughts.	neutral
Chandler	Your thoughts? Plural?	surprise
Joey	Allright, fine, I only have one thought! It's about the hot nanny,    I gotta see her!	joy
Chandler	I'm afraid I can't let you do that, Joe.	neutral
Joey	Now YOU'RE telling me I can't see her??	anger
Joey	You guys are killing me!	sadness
Joey	She's forbidden fruit!	sadness
Joey	It's like ... like she's the princess and I'm the stable    boy ... Why are you doing this, huh?	sadness
Joey	Did Ross tell you not to let me go over    there?	neutral
Chandler	Yes, as a matter of fact he did, so I can't let you go.	neutral
Joey	Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against    the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.	anger
Chandler	Great novels?	surprise
Joey	Fine ... mediocre porn	neutral

Rachel	Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we’re gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner’s office.	neutral
Rachel	Now, he doesn’t get in until 10, so he’s no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.	neutral
Tag	That’s kinda sad.	sadness
Rachel	Yeah, well Betty is kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates.  Now, while I distract her,	neutral
Tag	Got it!	joy
Rachel	Let’s roll!	joy
Mr. Zelner	Hello Rachel, you uh, got a minute?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything—minute. Okay. Fine.  Abort the plan, abort the plan.	neutral
Mr. Zelner	Uh actually, I’d like to speak with both of you.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates?	neutral

Phoebe	Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?	neutral
Cassie	Yeah! Thank you so much for letting me stay here.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh! No problem! I	joy
Cassie	What?	surprise

Hoshi	You are iron.	neutral
Hoshi	You are steel!	joy
Hoshi	Let me ask you something, how come when I call your computer support line, I have to wait an hour and a half?	anger
Pete	I told you, we’re adding new operators all the time. Could we concentrate on my training?	neutral

Rachel	I mean why, of all people would you want to go out with Chip?!	surprise
Monica	Look, you and I went to different high schools...	neutral
Rachel	Okay, that doesn’t help me, because we went to the same high school.	neutral
Monica	You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip’s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket.	neutral
Monica	I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.	sadness
Rachel	They had to have that specially made?!	surprise
Monica	It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!	surprise
Monica	Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he’s-he’s called me up and asked me out.	surprise
Monica	And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go.	joy
Monica	I-I owe her this.	neutral
Monica	I never let her eat.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, you go out with him.	neutral
Monica	Oh, really?!	surprise
Rachel	Yeah. Just, if it’s possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?	neutral
Monica	I’ll try.	neutral

Joey	Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you’re dancing with.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, yeah, okay.	neutral
Joey	Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown – I’m trying to win her over, so I was wondering if..	joy
Joey	Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she’s real, uh, mellow!	anger
Joey	Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know	neutral

Rachel	Ross, get over it! It’s not like she hates you.	anger
Ross	Yeah but	sadness
Rachel	Ross, she’s not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.	neutral
Ross	Huh. Y’know what’s not one of a kind? A twin!	anger
Rachel	Ooh, Phoebe’s here! Okay, let’s turn out all the lights and we’ll just watch the movie!	joy
Phoebe	Okay. Hey—Ooh, cool sheets!	joy
Ross	Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?	joy
Phoebe	Sure!	joy
Rachel	He got it a flea market!	joy
Phoebe	You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.	disgust

Rachel	And Joey?	neutral
Joey	How do you think she's doing?	neutral
Rachel	Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?	surprise
Ross	Eh, I mean, I mena she's not unattractive but hot? I ....	surprise
Rachel	Thank you!	joy
Chandler	Now that Rachel's gone?	neutral
Rachel	So hot I cried myself to sleep last night.	sadness

Monica	Oh, god help us.	sadness
Joey	What?	surprise
Monica	Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!	disgust
Joey	Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.	disgust
Joey	I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?	sadness

Ross	So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.	joy
Carol	Yeah! And maybe someday we could get a place with two bathrooms.	joy
Ross	Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.	neutral
Carol	What do you mean?	surprise
Ross	Carol our sex life is—it’s just not working	sadness
Ross	Hey there little fella!	joy
Ross	Hey, uh-hey, why don’t we get some shoes on ya, huh?	neutral
Ross	Hey, why don’t you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room!	joy
Ross	Yay!	joy
Ben	Yay!	joy
Ross	Yay!	joy
Ross	Seriously, our sex life… I was thinking, maybe I don’t know, we could try some-some new things.	neutral
Ross	For fun?	neutral
Carol	Like what?	surprise
Ross	Well I don’t know umm,  what if we were too tie each other up?	joy
Ross	Umm, some people eat stuff off one another.	neutral
Ross	Nah!	disgust
Ross	Umm, y’know we-we could try dirty talk?	neutral
Ross	Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.	neutral
Carol	I love that idea!	joy

Rachel	So who’s idea was it to put everybody in the diner on skates?	neutral
Monica	Oh, some idiot customer put a suggestion in the suggestion box.	anger
Phoebe	Oh my God, they took my idea!	surprise
Monica	That was you?!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah! Okay, here you go.	joy
Gunther	Rachel, I made you a cocoa.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God, are you guys okay?	surprise
Gunther	Are you all right?	surprise
Joey	Oh my.	surprise

Rachel	Sit!	anger
Joshua	Hi.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my gosh, Joshua!	surprise

Joshua	All those things I said about not being ready	neutral
Rachel	They’re not true?	fear
Joshua	No, they’re-they’re all true.	neutral
Rachel	Oh.	joy
Joshua	But	neutral
Rachel	Oh! Oh, I love that but.	surprise
Rachel	You wanna go inside and have some coffee?	neutral
Joshua	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	Okay.  Every time.	neutral

Monica	What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!	anger
Phoebe	Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.	sadness
Monica	Why would we do that?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.	sadness
Monica	Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.	neutral
Rachel	Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything.  Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry!	joy
Chandler	The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.	surprise
Joey	The balloon?	neutral
Chandler	No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached	neutral
Rachel	I can't, I gotta go.	neutral
Chandler	Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?	surprise
Phoebe	Almost never.	anger
Monica	Got the keys?	neutral
Rachel	Ok.	neutral

Monica	What d'you think?	neutral
Joey	Lot of things.	neutral
Rachel	Which one do you think she is?	neutral
Teacher	May I help you?	neutral
Monica	Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.	neutral
Teacher	You don't observe a dance class. You	neutral
Rachel	What does she mean?	neutral
Phoebe	I think she means  'You	neutral
Monica	Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?	anger
Teacher	People! Last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. Let's not have that happen again!	anger
Rachel	She could be you.	neutral
Teacher	Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight...	neutral
Monica	Okay, I'm not getting this!	anger
Phoebe	I'm totally getting it!	joy
Monica	Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?	sadness
Rachel	What? You just click when they click.	surprise
Teacher	Alright people, now everyone grab a partner.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.	neutral
Monica	Great. It's gym class all over again.	disgust

Rachel	I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.	surprise
Barry	Nooo, it wasn't.	neutral
Rachel	Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here...	joy

Chandler	Oh, ain't this nice? It's so quiet, I could just lie here all day.	joy
Monica	I know	neutral
Rachel	Open your drapes! Open your drapes!	joy
Chandler	I'm so glad we've got adjoining rooms!	joy
Monica	The sun is out!	joy
Chandler	Hey! Remember when I had corneas?	anger
Monica	Ok listen, you go down to the pool and reserve the chairs, and I'll get the magazines and the lotion.	neutral
Chandler	Ladies? Ross's speech is in 45 minutes.	neutral
Ross	Walls are pretty thin, guys!	anger

Joey	Hi uh, I’m Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I’d like to donate some fluids.	joy
Receptionist	We’re actually at the end of one of our research cycles, so we’re not looking for applicants right now.	neutral
Joey	Oh that’s too bad. I’ve kinda been saving up.  Uh, are you sure there’s no studies I can participate in?	sadness
Receptionist	Well, here’s a schedule of what’s coming up.	neutral
Joey	Thanks.  Well but this one starts now.	neutral
Receptionist	Oh that one is available now, but only identical twins are eligible. It’s a twins study.	neutral
Joey	But it’s $2,000.	surprise
Receptionist	Sorry.	sadness
Joey	Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.	neutral
Receptionist	We already got the results back on that on, and they’re not good.	joy

Monica	Hey! How’s it goin’?	neutral

Phoebe	Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.	neutral
Monica	Yes it has! I made cookies!	joy
Phoebe	Oh that’s all right. I’m still full from your homemade potato chips.	neutral
Monica	But you should eat them now because they’re hot from the oven.	joy
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Oh-ho! But not in here! Can’t eat ‘em in bed, remember? No crumbies!	joy
Phoebe	Okay, I’ll be out in a second.	neutral
Monica	Okay!	neutral
Monica	What are you doing?	neutral
Phoebe	That doesn’t lock does it?	neutral

Monica	You know, it still smells like monkey in there.	disgust
Julie	That saves us a conversation.	neutral
Chandler	Well, listen, this has been great but I'm officially wiped.	neutral
Joey	Me too, we should get goin'.	neutral
Stephanie	No.	neutral

Monica	Okay, here comes another camera.	neutral
Ross	Right. No biggie. Stay loose.	neutral
Ross	Why do they keep doing that?	neutral
Monica	If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms.	neutral
Monica	They’ve been taping those people up there all day.	neutral
Ross	Right.	neutral
Ross	Hey, what’d you guys do to get up on there?	joy
Monica	Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?	joy
Ross	Yeah!	joy
Janine	Hey! You’re a good dancer!	surprise
Joey	Really?	surprise
Janine	Yeah, well you’d be better if you just loosened your hips a little.	neutral
Joey	What do you mean?	neutral
Janine	Like this.	neutral
Janine	That’s it, feel the rhythm. That’s better.	neutral
Joey	Uh-huh.	neutral
Director	Okay, you’re dancing with that girl over there.	neutral
Joey	No-no-no-no-no we came together!	joy
Director	I don’t see it.  You are dancing with the tall guy over there. Tall guy, raise your hand!	neutral
Joey	No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.	sadness
Director	Really, y’think so? I don’t..	anger

Rachel	Why aren’t you home yet?!	anger
Monica	Is someone there?	anger
Rachel	Oh yes, it’s me! Sorry!	neutral
Chandler	What are you doing here?	neutral
Rachel	Uh, I’m just, I’m just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?	neutral
Chandler	We got some	neutral
Rachel	Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.	neutral
Monica	Who?  Is that your sister?	surprise
Rachel	Ugh, she	neutral
Monica	God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!	disgust
Rachel	Oh my God, look-look he’s taking off her clothes!	sadness
Chandler	He’s taking off her coat!	disgust
Rachel	Oh, this is just terrible.	disgust

Elizabeth	Ross! Wait!	sadness
Ross	Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about	joy
Elizabeth	You suck!!	anger
Ross	What?!	anger
Ross	Okay, break-up’s still on!	anger

Joey	Hey.	neutral
Ross	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it.	sadness
Ross	No, I don’t want to hit you.	neutral
Joey	Oh what then? Kick me?	anger
Ross	No.	neutral
Joey	What do I do?	surprise

Katie	Well, the delivery went out to you and I realized they forgot this.	neutral
Ross	Ah, must’ve been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.	neutral
Katie	Listen, to be honest, home deliveries are really a part of my job description.	neutral
Ross	Oh.	neutral
Katie	Oh uh…I actually came here to ask you out.	fear
Ross	Oh! Wow! Uh, yeah! That sounds great. I’m just gonna put this  back in my pocket, pretend	joy
Katie	Sure!	joy
Rachel	Horny bitch.  No! You’re a horny bitch! Noooo! You’re the horny bitch! No! You’re a horny bitch!	anger

Rachel	Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!	joy
Chandler	Well, like father, like son.	neutral
Rachel	Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.	joy
Chandler	Really?! I-I thought you weren’t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.	surprise
Rachel	Well, y'know, possibly.  You didn’t tell him that, though? Right?	fear
Chandler	Ummmmmmmm, no.	neutral
Rachel	You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don’t tell the guy that!	anger
Rachel	Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date—oh, he’s so gonna get the wrong idea.	sadness

Chandler	Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.	neutral
All	Oh, yeah. Had that dream.	neutral
Chandler	Then I look down, and I realize there's a phone... there.	surprise
Joey	Instead of...?	surprise
Chandler	That's right.	neutral
Joey	Never had that dream.	neutral
Phoebe	No.	neutral
Chandler	All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.	neutral

Monica	Honey! Dinner’s ready!	joy
Joey	What’s my little chef got for me tonight?	joy
Monica	Your favorite!	joy
Joey	Ho-ho-ho,  fried stuff with cheese!	joy
Monica	Yep! And lot’s of it!	joy
Joey	Thanks sweetheart. Give me a little sugar here.  Okay.	joy
Monica	Okay, in we go.	joy
Joey	Here we go! Here we go! Here we go!  How you doin’?	joy

Monica	Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate.	neutral
Monica	So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is.	joy
Monica	Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please?	neutral
Monica	Oh my god.	surprise
Joey	What?	surprise
Monica	Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.	anger
Joey	Come on, they're close.	neutral
Monica	Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.	disgust
Joey	Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.	neutral
Monica	Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's—not really true, is it?	disgust
Joey	Well, who's to say what's true? I mean...	neutral
Monica	Oh my god, what were you thinking?	disgust
Joey	All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.	neutral
Monica	Oh!	surprise
Joey	Ow!	surprise
Monica	I'm outta here.	disgust
Joey	Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.	neutral
Monica	Really?	surprise
Joey	Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up.	neutral

Chandler	Hello! One marriage please!	joy
Monica	Yep, we wanna get married!	joy
Monica	All right.	neutral
Chandler	Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!	joy
Monica	What are you doing?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, that's	neutral
Monica	No, only because that's the graduation song.	neutral
Chandler	Okay!  This is it!  We're gonna get married!	joy
Monica	Are you sure you wanna do this?	neutral
Ross	Well, hello, Mrs. Ross!	joy
Rachel	Well, hello, Mr. Rachel!	joy
Rachel	Wait!  Okay!	neutral

Monica	Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?	neutral
Rachel	It depends on who asked.	neutral
Monica	What if I asked?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, Mon, sure.	neutral
Monica	Really?	surprise
Rachel	Yes.  You’re not asking are you?	surprise
Monica	No.	neutral
Rachel	Yes! Totally!	joy
Kathy	Oh! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Yes! Thank you!	joy

Rachel	You…are…not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?	joy
Monica	He asked you out?!	surprise
Rachel	No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse.	joy
Monica	Saucy!	joy
Rachel	What are these?	neutral
Monica	Electrical plans for the building.	neutral
Rachel	Okay, okay, okay should I be scared?	fear
Monica	I know that switch does something, okay?	neutral
Monica	So-so I went down to city hall and got these.	neutral
Monica	All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours.	sadness
Rachel	Wow! If only more people knew.	surprise

Janice	Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in	neutral
Rachel	Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.	neutral
Janice	So I'm asking you please, take a moment before you judge me.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, nobody's judging you.	neutral
Janice	Oh! Okay!  You, Mister Right Place at the Right Time, call me!	joy

Ross	Oh man!	surprise
Ross	I want that place so much!!	joy

Ross	I was so sure that was gonna work!	sadness

Ross	There's twelve bucks I'll never see again!	disgust
Rachel	All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.	neutral
Monica	Bye!	neutral
All	Bye!	neutral
Phoebe	Bye Chandler!   I miss you already.	sadness
Chandler	Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!	disgust
Monica	Actually, I did!	surprise
Chandler	Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?	neutral
Monica	Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!	surprise
Chandler	Are you serious?	surprise
Monica	Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!	anger
Chandler	Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!	anger

Elizabeth	Ross, umm, you've been in there for a long time. I'm starting to get kinda freaked out.	fear
Ross	All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.	neutral
Elizabeth	No, let's just leave the lights on.	neutral
Elizabeth	Oh my God!	surprise

Monica	You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?	anger
Ross	Oh fine.	neutral
Monica	Ready?  Wrestle!	joy
Rachel	Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks.	neutral

Joey	All right now remember, something this big and long is going to be difficult to manuver, fortunately I have a lot of experience in that area.	neutral
Ross	Can we please focus here, a naked man’s life hangs in the balance!	fear
Phoebe	I’m telling you he’s dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.	anger
Joey	All right, ladies and gentlemen, let’s poke.	neutral
Joey	Steady.	neutral
Joey	Steady.	neutral
Joey	Okay, a little higher.	neutral
Joey	Careful of the angle.	neutral
Joey	Okay, okay, we’re approaching the window  Thread the needle.	neutral
Joey	Thread the needle.	neutral
Phoebe	He’s alive! He’s a-live!!!	joy
Monica	And yet, we’re still poking him.	disgust
Joey	Okay, retract the device, retract the device.	neutral
Ross	He does not look happy.	anger
Rachel	Hey-hey, now he’s showing us his poking device.	surprise
Joey	Hey, that’s never gonna make it all the way over here, buddy!	anger

Rachel	Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other.	sadness
Rachel	Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bastard.	disgust
Rachel	Oh God oh!	surprise
Rachel	Contraction!	surprise
Evil Bitch	Are you looking at her?!	anger
Sick Bastard	No!	anger
Evil Bitch	Don’t you look at her you sick bastard!	anger
Sick Bastard	Honey I swear! I wasn’t looking at her!	fear
Evil Bitch	She’s in labor! You like that you sick son of a bitch!	anger
Ross	Umm. Umm, I’m-I’m just gonna—	neutral
Evil Bitch	See? See? It was because you were looking fat pervert!	anger
Ross	No-no, I’m…I’m sure no one was looking. Just want some privacy.	neutral
Evil Bitch	You miss your girlfriend?	neutral
Ross	Just ignore them.	neutral
Rachel	Ross.	neutral
Ross	What? What?	fear
Rachel	He’s looking at me.	neutral
Ross	Hey! You wanna live to see your baby?!	anger
Evil Bitch	Don’t you talk to my husband like that you stupid bastard!	anger

Phoebe	Pat Sajak?	neutral
Rachel	Yep!	joy
Phoebe	Alex Trebek?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, of course!	joy
Phoebe	Chuck Woolery?	neutral
Rachel	Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who’s ass I cannot kick.	joy
Rachel	Say it!	joy
Phoebe	Say we are unagi!	joy
Ross	It’s not something you are! It’s something you have!	anger
Rachel	Say it!	joy
Ross	Y’know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt!	anger

Monica	Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, it's in there.	neutral
Joey	Oh! Ohh! Oh!!	surprise
Chandler	Joey, can I talk to you for a second?	neutral
Joey	Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!!	surprise
Joey	oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh	surprise
Chandler	Yes. Yes.	neutral
Joey	You?!  And-and you?!	surprise
Monica	Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!	joy
Joey	How?! When?!	surprise
Chandler	It happened in London.	neutral
Joey	IN LONDON!!!	surprise
Chandler	The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.	neutral
Joey	But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone!	surprise
Chandler	No-no-no-no-no! You can't!	fear
Monica	Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell.	fear
Joey	All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's	surprise
Monica	I know, it's great!	joy
Joey	Aww, I don't want to see that!	disgust
Phoebe	We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!	sadness

Julie	And my second grade teacher was Ms. Thomas, and my first grade teacher was Mrs. Cobb.	neutral
Rachel	Mrs., Mrs. Gobb?	neutral
Julie	No Cobb, as in cobb salad.	neutral
Rachel	Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?	neutral

Chandler	What're we gonna do? What're we gonna do?	fear
Joey	Uh, uh, we'll flip for it. Ducks or clowns.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, we're gonna flip for the baby?	surprise
Joey	You got a better idea?	neutral
Chandler	All right, call it in the air.	neutral
Joey	Heads.	neutral
Chandler	Heads it is.	neutral
Joey	Yes! Whew!	joy
Chandler	We have to assign heads to something.	neutral
Joey	Right. Ok, ok, uh, ducks is heads, because ducks have heads.	neutral
Chandler	What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?	anger

Joey	Okay, some tricks of the trade.	neutral
Joey	Now, I’ve never been able to cry as an actor, so if I’m in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling.	neutral
Joey	Or ah, or, let’s say I wanna convey that I’ve just done something evil.	neutral
Joey	That would be the basic ‘I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it’  Okay, let’s say I’ve just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13.	neutral
Joey	And that’s how it’s done.	neutral
Joey	Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.	joy
Student	Hey, Mr. Trib.	neutral
Joey	Hey-hey.	joy

Phoebe	Then I’m gonna have to ask you to keep it down.	neutral
Mr. Heckles	Who are you?	surprise
Eric	Hi, I’m Eric, I’m gonna be Chandler’s new roommate.	neutral
Mr. Heckles	I’m Chandler’s new roommate.	surprise
Eric	I-I-I don’t think so.	surprise
Mr. Heckles	I could be Chandler’s new roommate.	surprise
Eric	But, he told me over the phone.	surprise
Mr. Heckles	He told me in person.	neutral
Eric	That’s weird.	surprise
Mr. Heckles	Well, I’m going to go into my new apartment now.  Ehh!	joy

Phoebe	Hey! Look who I found!	surprise
Chandler	Oh, hey guys!	joy

Phoebe	Y’know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.	neutral
Chandler	Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.	neutral

Phoebe	Or we could just follow your clever jokes – any ideas?	neutral

Phoebe	Didn’t think so!	neutral

Phoebe	Okay, c’mon guys, show us where the presents are!	neutral
Chandler	Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that’s as good as garbage?	anger
Phoebe	Hmm, how about my azzz?	neutral
Rachel	Hey, this is hollow.	neutral
Phoebe	What?	surprise
Rachel	This bench, it’s hollow! I can’t believe I never knew that!  Oh, the presents!!!	surprise
Phoebe	No, don’t look directly at them!	fear
Chandler	What?	surprise
Phoebe	Alright, no, we could look at them!	neutral
Monica	I	neutral

Ross	Hi! I’m so glad you’re here, but it’s gonna be a while. I-I wished you’d called first.	joy
Mrs. Geller	Oh that’s all right, I’m coming back later with your father.	neutral
Ross	Oh good.	joy
Mrs. Geller	I actually needed to talk to you before the birth.	neutral
Ross	Okay, what’s up?	neutral
Mrs. Geller	I brought something that I want to give you, assuming of course that you want it.	neutral
Ross	Ma, you’re asking me to marry you?	surprise
Mrs. Geller	This is your grandmother’s engagement ring, I want you to give it to Rachel.	joy
Ross	Mom no, come on! Thank you.	surprise
Mrs. Geller	Just hear me out!	fear

Ross	Maybe this would’ve happened if I’d been more nurturing, or I’d paid more attention, or I... had a uterus.	sadness
Ross	I can’t believe this!	sadness
Phoebe	I know no, no, y'know you don’t deserve this, you don’t Ross.	sadness
Phoebe	You’re, you’re really, you’re so good.	sadness
Ross	Thanks.	sadness
Phoebe	And you’re so sweet.  And you’re kind	neutral
Ross	Thanks.	sadness
Ross	Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, it’s okay.	neutral
Ross	Wait, wait, wait.	joy
Ross	My foot is stuck in the pocket.	sadness
Phoebe	What?	surprise
Ross	No, I can’t get it out.	sadness

Mark	Rachel?	neutral

Rachel	Yeah.  Hi Mark!	surprise
Mark	Hi. I just talked to Joanna, and she loves you. You got it, you got the job.	joy
Rachel	Oh, I did!	surprise
Mark	Yes.	joy
Rachel	Oh my God!!	surprise
Joey	Congratulations...oh..wow	joy

Chandler	I can’t believe I did this! What an idiot!	anger
Monica	Oh, stop beating yourself up!	sadness
Monica	People make mistakes!	neutral
Monica	These things happen!	neutral
Monica	There aren’t any message you’ve forgotten to give me are there?	neutral
Monica	Apparently you’re not very good at it!	anger
Monica	I	neutral

Earl	Philadelphia.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I’ve got-I’ve got goose bumps.	surprise
Earl	Really?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, y’know I’m wearing layers and it’s warm.	neutral
Joey	Yeah.	joy
Phoebe	But if—no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!	sadness
Earl	Did you hear that?!	neutral
Earl	I don’t need you guys to care about me!	anger
Earl	Because the universe cares!	joy
Earl	The whole universe!	joy
Earl	I really wished they’d care just a little bit though.	sadness

Ross	I like this one.  It seems to say, "I love you and that’s why I have to kill you."	joy
Monica	They can’t all be bad.  Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.	joy
Chandler	Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?	surprise
Monica	Do you really want to pull at that thread?	surprise
Phoebe	I’m having a really good time!	joy
Kyle	Me too! I’m sorry that guy in the subway licked your neck.	sadness
Phoebe	Ohh. No that’s okay, he’s a friend.	neutral
Kyle	Hey uh, I don’t mean to be presumptuous but I have these two tickets to the ballroom dancing finals tomorrow night if you want to go?	fear
Phoebe	Yeah, I… Well y’know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I’d just be lost.	sadness
Kyle	I know it’s really lame, but I got these tickets from my boss and—Oh no! No! No! My God!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, don’t freak out. I’ll go.	neutral
Kyle	No it’s… Uh, my ex-wife Whitney is out there. I cannot deal with her right now. That woman is crazy!	anger
Phoebe	Okay, I know. Hold on.  Hey Ross?	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, umm that’s Whitney , Kyle’s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y’know divert her so that we can slip out?	neutral
Ross	What?! No!	surprise
Phoebe	Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals.	neutral
Ross	Look, I don’t think so Pheebs.  All right, I’ll do it. But just because you’re a friend.	neutral

Chandler	Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?	neutral
Ross	I'll take sports.	neutral
Joey	Mine!	neutral
Ross	All right. Uhh, international.	neutral

Ross	Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say	neutral
Phoebe	You two will have very hairy children.	disgust
Ross	Okay, I didn't know you would say that.	surprise
Rachel	Ross! Janice?!	anger
Joey	All right, hold on!	neutral
Joey	Hold on.	neutral
Joey	Hold on.	neutral
Joey	This is Ross, okay?	neutral
Joey	He's our friend.	neutral
Joey	He obviously went crazy.	anger
Joey	He obviously lost his mind.	anger
Phoebe	So are you actually gonna see her again?	neutral
Joey	Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!	anger
Joey	Damnit Phoebe!!	anger

Ross	Hey, don’t we have to...	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, we got, um-hmm.	neutral
Phoebe	Umm, I think you’re really, really great...	joy
Robert	Oh God!	sadness
Robert	Here we go again.	sadness
Robert	Why does this keep happening to me?	anger
Robert	Is it something I’m putting out there?	sadness
Robert	Is this my fault?	sadness
Robert	Or am I just nuts?	sadness
Phoebe	I-I-I-I-I don’t know, I don’t know what to say.	surprise
Gunther	Hey buddy, this is a family place, put the mouse back in the house.	disgust

Joey	Wait!	sadness
Joey	Terry!	sadness
Joey	Please!	sadness
Joey	Look, I just lost my other job.	sadness
Joey	Okay?	neutral
Joey	You have no idea how much I need this.	sadness
Joey	Please, help me out, for old times sake.	sadness
Nurse #1	This poor guy’s been in a coma for five years. It’s hopeless.	sadness
Nurse #2	It’s not hopeless! Dr. Stryker Ramoray’s a miracle worker. Look, here he comes.	joy
Dr. Stryker Ramoray	Good morning.  Drake, it’s your brother Stryker. Can you hear me?	neutral
Joey	I’m back baby! Ha-ha-ha!	joy

Monica	That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.	anger
Chandler	Well you did pull his hair.	neutral
Monica	He took my snack!	anger
Chandler	I’m not getting into this again!	anger
Monica	Okay! Oh God, y’know what? It’s really bad.	sadness
Chandler	Well, I told you not to walk. Here.  There. Okay.	anger
Monica	This doesn’t mean anything, does it?	fear

Joey	Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn’t have the car! Right?	anger
Chandler	That is true.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.	neutral
Joey	Oh, I’ve been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche.	neutral
Monica	Joey, you know you don’t actually have one.	neutral
Joey	Come on! What are you doing?! I’m in character! Would you talk to her!	sadness
Chandler	Ahh, I think it just moved. It’s really poking me.	anger
Monica	All right, that’s it, we’re going to the emergency room.	neutral
Phoebe	What?! No, you can’t, you can’t leave me here with them! We’re baby-sitting!	anger
Monica	The babies are asleep, I’m sure you’ll be okay on your own for a while!	neutral
Phoebe	But you-you can’t leave me with them! We-we’re a team! We’re playing a zone! They’re gonna triple team me!	anger
Monica	He’s got something plastic lodged in his throat, we’ve got to go to the hospital.	fear
Phoebe	But no, because a doctor won’t be able to help him, it’s just gonna y’know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.	neutral
Chandler	I think that’s gum.	neutral
Phoebe	I’m pretty sure it’s gun.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, listen this really hurts. Let’s go.	anger
Phoebe	A real man wouldn’t just run to the hospital!  No! What would, what would Krog do?	anger
Ross	That was the only way I could get him to	neutral
Joey	Hi! How are the Gellers?	neutral
Rachel	Don’t call us that!	anger
Ross	The judge wouldn’t let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you?	anger
Joey	Hey! It’s Porsche!!	anger

Monica	Hey sweetie!	joy
Chandler	Hey!	joy
Chandler	There’s no back to this couch!	surprise
Monica	Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.	surprise
Chandler	Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y’know?	neutral
Chandler	Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn’t think I was y’know, all dead inside.	neutral
Monica	Oh that’s so sweet! Look Chandler I don’t care if you can’t cry, I love you.	joy
Chandler	Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.	neutral
Monica	Stop it!	joy
Chandler	No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we’re up at the altar and I’m like this.	neutral
Monica	I won’t care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah?	neutral

Ross	Of course he is!	joy
Ross	What, do you think I’d just use my son as-as an excuse?	joy
Ross	What kind of father do you think I am?	anger
Monica	All right, sorry.	neutral
Ross	I gotta go make a fake Ben.	neutral

Monica	The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!	surprise
Chandler	Well, either that or uh	neutral
Monica	Joey!!	anger
Joey	Yeah?	neutral
Monica	Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!	anger
Joey	Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!	anger
Phoebe	Yeah, and they’ve been coming by all day. They love it!	joy
Monica	They love my candy? Oh man!!! I’ve gotta go make more!!	joy
Joey	Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might’ve happened to a huge chunk of it.	neutral
Monica	Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!	joy
Ross	Mine stole my newspaper! It’s like a	anger
Phoebe	Sure!	neutral
Ross	Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn’t stop thinking about it.	neutral
Ross	I mean, everyone should have a-a	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God Ross!!	surprise
Ross	You like it?	joy
Phoebe	I	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	neutral

Helena	Hello darlings.	neutral
Chandler	And there’s daddy!	joy

Phoebe	There he is! There he is!	surprise
Monica	Where?	neutral
Phoebe	Right- where we've been looking all night!	joy
Rachel	He is so cute!	joy
Monica	Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!	joy
All	Yeah, drop it! Drop the towel! Please drop the——wowww.	joy

Monica	I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.	joy
Angela	Yeah, isn't he?	joy
Monica	It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.	joy
Angela	You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.	joy
Monica	Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.	surprise
Angela	Huh. That's nice.	neutral

Ross	and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should’ve just lasted just one day, burned for	neutral
Ben	Eight whole days.	neutral
Ross	That’s right, and that’s why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.	joy
Ben	Awesome!	joy
Ross	Yeah?	surprise
Chandler	My favorite part was when	neutral
Ross	The Armadillo was actually not so	neutral
Rachel	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Oh.	neutral
Rachel	Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny’s funeral in here.	surprise
Ross	Come on, come on, we’re-we’re-we’re lighting the candles!	joy
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, I understand why	neutral

Pete	Yeah, sure. Good luck!	joy
Monica	I’m quitting!! Woo-hoo!  I’m okay!! I’m all right!!	joy
Phoebe	Wow! That’s exciting, you went to Japan, made up a woman.	surprise
Pete	What?	neutral
Phoebe	I’m just saying, this woman, I mean she’s fictitious. No?	surprise
Pete	Why would you say that?	neutral
Phoebe	‘Cause you’re still into Monica.	neutral
Phoebe	So you told her there was somebody else so she would agree to work with you, so ‘cause you figure oh if you spent a lot of time together, maybe something might happen, and...	neutral
Pete	You’re good. You’re good!	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, no, I’m fairly intuitive and psychic. It’s a substantial gift.	neutral
Pete	Listen, can you promise me that you won’t tell her though?	fear
Phoebe	Absolutely, oh I promise. Tell her what?	neutral
Pete	Thanks a lot.	neutral
Phoebe	No I’m serious. I mean I’m intuitive, but my memory sucks.	neutral

Rachel	Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.	neutral
Man	For God's sake, will you let it go? There's no Rachel!	anger
Ross	Oh, hey, hey, I got that.	neutral
Julie	Oh, thanks, sweetie.	joy
Ross	No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.	joy
Julie	Really?	surprise
Julie	You don't think they'll judge and ridicule me?	fear
Ross	No, no, they will. I just... uh...	neutral
Julie	Can't wait.	neutral

Monica	Do I know you?	surprise
Monica	Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?	surprise
Steve	Good, good, I'm a lawyer now.	neutral
Monica	You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.	surprise
Steve	Listen, it was nice to see you. I gotta run backstage.	joy
Monica	Uh, wait, backstage?	surprise
Steve	Oh, yeah, my firm represents the band.	neutral
Ross	Ross.	neutral
Chandler	Chandler.	neutral
Steve	Look, you guys wanna meet the group?	neutral
Steve	Come on.	neutral
Steve	So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?	surprise

Joey	Do you have any respect for your body?	disgust
Ross	Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?	disgust
Chandler	Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease.	anger
Chandler	The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.	neutral
Rachel	Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.	neutral
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Chandler	He does?	surprise
Chandler	Hey, buddy, what's up!	joy
Chandler	Oh, she told you about that, huh.	surprise
Chandler	Well, yeah, I have one now and then.	neutral
Chandler	Well, yeah, now.	neutral
Chandler	Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before.	neutral
Chandler	Well, okay, thanks!	joy
Rachel	God, he's good.	joy
Ross	If only he were a woman.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, look look look.	surprise
Phoebe	The last candle's about to burn out.	neutral
Phoebe	10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48....	neutral
Ross	Thank you.	neutral
Phoebe	Thanks.	neutral
Ross	Kinda... spooky without any lights.	fear
Joey	Bwah-hah-hah!	joy
Ross	OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah...	joy
Ross	Oh.. oh... oh.	neutral
Joey	Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica.	neutral

Rachel	All this stuff takes up a lot of room. Hey how uh, how serious are you about keeping Ben in your life?	neutral

Charlie	You blew them away!	joy
Ross	Oh, I can't tell you how great it was to look at the crowd and see your face!	joy
Ross	I mean... uh, did you know you were  mouthing the words along with me?	neutral
Charlie	I was	surprise
Ross	No, it's ok! Made me feel like a rock star!	joy
Charlie	Oh my God!  I'm your	surprise
Ross	I'd better not found you naked in my hotel room!	joy
Ross	Look, I took it too far!	joy

Ross	Okay, Monica: Right foot red.	neutral
Monica	Could've played	neutral
Chandler	Thanks.	neutral
Ross	Okay, Pheebs: Right hand blue. Good.	neutral
Chandler	Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the	neutral
Rachel	Oh, okay. Will you take my place?	neutral
Chandler	Alright.  Yes, this is Rachel.	neutral
Rachel	Nooo!	surprise
Rachel	Hello?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.	joy
Ross	Green. To the green.	neutral
Rachel	I've got magic beans.  Never-never mind.	neutral
Chandler	To the left, to the left- aww!	neutral
Rachel	Ohhh... I'm fine.	neutral

Joey	Hey!	joy
Chandler	Please tell me you got the message!	fear
Joey	What message?	neutral
Chandler	The actor playing Mac couldn’t do it, they needed to see you at 2 o’clock.	neutral
Joey	What?! It’s 6 o’clock!	surprise
Chandler	Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board!	fear
Chandler	I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya!	anger
Chandler	I went to Ross’s!	neutral
Chandler	I went to the coffeehouse!	neutral
Chandler	I went to any place that they made sandwiches!	neutral

Ross	That’s the day you’re gonna die? See—darnit, I’ve got shuffleboard that day.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s what you think.	neutral
Monica	Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother’s? Wouldn’t they have the recipe?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, y’know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.	neutral
Monica	What was her name?	neutral
Phoebe	Nestley Toulouse.	neutral
Monica	Nestlé Toll House?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.	neutral
Phoebe	Yes!!  Oh.	surprise
Monica	I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!	anger
Phoebe	I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why  you’re burning in hell!!	anger

Kim	So, we're decided, no on plaid, yes on pink?	neutral
Nancy	Absolutely!	joy
Rachel	I am so on board!	joy
Kim	Rachel didn't you just light that?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know?  Good luck, Rach.	neutral
Nancy	I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.	neutral
Kim	Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like	disgust
Nancy	Tell me about it!	neutral
Rachel	Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!	joy
Kim	It does sound appealing.	neutral
Nancy	Oh, I never could do it.	joy
Rachel	Oh but you could.	neutral
Rachel	You can.	neutral
Rachel	Absolutely!	joy
Rachel	We can help each other out!	joy
Rachel	We can get--what are those--those patches!	neutral
Rachel	We could be like the Patch Sisters!	joy
Kim	Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!	joy
Rachel	Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it!	joy
Kim	My late husband gave me that lighter.  I'm not kidding.	sadness
Rachel	Okay then!	joy

Chandler	Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?	neutral
Phoebe	Does, um, anyone wanna see?	neutral
All	Nooo..	disgust
All	Oh, hey, don't do that! Cut it out!	anger
Rachel	It's worse than the thumb!	disgust
Chandler	Hey, this is so unfair!	anger
Monica	Oh, why is it unfair?	surprise
Chandler	So I have a flaw!	anger
Chandler	Big deal!	anger
Chandler	Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying?	anger
Chandler	And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word?	anger
Chandler	And Monica, with that snort when she laughs?	anger
Chandler	I mean, what the hell is that thing?	disgust
Chandler	...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this?	anger
Joey	...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?	anger
Rachel	Well, I-I could live without it.	neutral
Joey	Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair?	neutral
Ross	Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.	neutral
Joey	Oh,  "you do, do you"?	anger
Ross	You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.	neutral
Rachel	"Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.	neutral
Rachel	Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on.	anger

Joey	Awww! Mel Torme died.	sadness
Monica	Joey, that paper’s like a year old!	neutral
Joey	Aw! Does that mean the	sadness
Ross	Hey.	neutral
Joey	Hey.	neutral

Phoebe	You're sure? You're absolutely sure?	neutral
Monica	Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.	neutral
Phoebe	Probably?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, I don't like that word.	disgust
Phoebe	Kind of what ‘probably’ really means.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, uh-huh.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y’know?	anger
Phoebe	I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!"	anger
Phoebe	You gotta take care of yourselves!	neutral
Phoebe	In	neutral
Chandler	Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?	neutral

Janice	Yoo-hoo! Aaron Litman-Neurolic would like to say hello to his future bride.	joy
Rachel	Ohhh!  Wow! He kinda takes your breath away doesn’t he?	joy

Janice	He’s a keeper. How are you feeling?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, I’m fine.	neutral
Janice	Can I just say, I really admire what you’re doing. Just raising her all alone.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, I’m not doing it alone. I have Ross.	neutral
Janice	Oh, sure. Now. But what happens when he meets somebody else and gets married?	neutral
Rachel	Well then he gets a divorce, it’s Ross!	neutral
Janice	I’m telling you Rachel, listen to Janice. They all say they’re gonna be there until they start their real family.	neutral
Rachel	Well I—That’s never gonna happen with Ross.	sadness
Janice	Oh well that’s what I thought about my first husband, now I’m lucky if my kid gets to spend the weekend with her father and the twins and little Ms. New Boobs.	disgust

Phoebe	And Tim I just wanna say, good luck here.	neutral

Ross	Hey. Who’s that?	neutral
Rachel	New people.	neutral
Ross	What happened to the Disgustingtons?	neutral
Rachel	They’re having their baby!	anger
Rachel	It’s not fair Ross we got here first!	anger
Rachel	Right after you left they wheeled her off into delivery.	neutral
Rachel	Oh but not before she gave me a juicy shot of little Jamie just crowning away.	neutral
Ross	Wow! Sorry. So uh, how are the new people?	surprise

Rachel	Phoebe?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah?	neutral
Rachel	Look at that guy by the window, wow!	surprise
Phoebe	He’s awfully short and I think he’s talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he’s not that good in bed.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, what is wrong with me lately?	sadness
Rachel	I mean it’s like every guy I see—I mean look here.	neutral
Rachel	Look at that guy for example, I mean normally that’s not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the way I’m feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack.	neutral
Phoebe	Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy.	neutral
Rachel	Really?! So this has happened to you?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh absolutely yeah!	neutral
Phoebe	Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y’know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.	neutral
Rachel	Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store sitting on Santa’s lap.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander Holyfield from a	neutral

Joey	Ugh!	disgust
Joey	I don’t know what I’m going to do!	fear
Joey	I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care!	anger
Joey	Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?	anger
Ross	Hey guys!	joy
Chandler	Hey!	joy
Joey	Hey	neutral
Ross	I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party!	joy
Ross	And the guys from work had a blast.	joy
Ross	Y’know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before.	joy
Ross	Yeah!	joy
Ross	And-and another one had never been to a party before, so	surprise
Joey	So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that’s nice!	joy
Ross	Yeah, right!	joy
Joey	I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those	neutral
Ross	That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.	surprise
Chandler	So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable?	surprise
Ross	Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.	joy
Chandler	So you might say, it’s a magic ring.	joy

Ross	OH MY GOD!! I didn’t really believe it until you just said it!!	surprise

Ross	Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.	neutral
Joey	Obviously! So, how do we decide?	neutral
Ross	Well now let’s-let’s look at this objectively, I think I should date her	neutral
Joey	Uh-huh. Uh-huh.	neutral
Ross	That’s interesting, but check this out. I date her	joy
Joey	Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction	neutral
Ross	Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.	neutral
Joey	Yeah well we should order some food then.	neutral
Ross	No Joey! Look why don’t, why don’t we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we’ll	neutral
Joey	That sounds fair.	neutral
Ross	Maybe I’ll take her to that new French restaurant down the street	neutral
Joey	Ah yeah—wait a second now!	anger
Joey	Look we’re gonna have to set a spending limit on the date.	neutral
Joey	I don’t have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.	anger
Ross	Well sorry, that’s what I do on dates.	neutral
Joey	All right, well I guess I’ll just have to do what I do on dates.	neutral
Ross	So let’s decide on the spending limit	neutral
Joey	Yeah. Uh, …a slice……six dollars?	neutral
Ross	I was thinking more like a hundred.	neutral
Joey	Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?	neutral

Monica	Hi, again.	neutral
Joey	Hey!	neutral
Chandler	Hey!	neutral
Monica	Thank you soo, much.	joy
Chandler	Oh, don’t thank me, thank the jerk that never showed up. Okay, I gotta get to get to work.	anger
Monica	You want some help with that?	neutral
Joey	Oh, no thanks, I got it.  No I don’t!	neutral
Monica	Whoa! Are you okay?	surprise
Joey	Whew! Stood up to fast, got a little head rush.	surprise
Monica	It’s the heat.  And-and the humidity.	neutral
Joey	That’s a uh, that’s a tough combination.	neutral
Monica	Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?	neutral
Joey	Like you wouldn’t believe.  Wow! This is a great place.	surprise
Monica	What do you mean?	neutral

Phoebe	Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh.	neutral

Joey	Oh!	surprise
Joey	Hey, somebody left their keys.	neutral
Joey	Ooohh, to a Porsche!	surprise
Joey	Hey Gunther, these yours?	neutral
Gunther	Yeah, that’s what I drive. I make four bucks an hour, I saved up for 350 years!	disgust
Joey	Na-uh!  Hey did anybody lose their keys?	neutral
Monica	Joey, why don’t you put them in the lost and found?	neutral
Joey	There’s a lost and found?  My shoe!	surprise
Chandler	You left a shoe here?!	surprise
Joey	Well, I didn’t realize until I got home.	neutral
Joey	I wasn’t gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe!	neutral
Joey	I’m gonna go find that guy’s car and leave a note on the windshield.	neutral
Chandler	Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I’ll be sure to give him your shoe.	neutral
Joey	Great! Thanks.	joy

Carol	Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.	neutral
Ross	Carol, we've been through this before, ok?	joy
Ross	We have a good time.	joy
Ross	We laugh, we play.	joy
Ross	It's like we're father and son.	joy
Susan	Honey, relax. Ross is great with him.  Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.	joy
Rachel	Oh, this is so cute.	joy
Susan	Oh, I got that for him.	neutral
Ross	My mommies love me. That's clever.	joy
Monica	Hello?	neutral
Monica	Oh, Hi, Ju——Hi, Jew!	neutral
Monica	Uh huh?	neutral
Monica	Uh huh?	neutral
Monica	Ok.  Um, sure, that'd be great.	neutral
Monica	See ya then.	neutral
Monica	Bye.	neutral
Rachel	Did you just say Hi, Jew?	surprise
Monica	Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.	neutral

Monica	Now there you go! I wouldn’t want my best guest to strain her eyes!	joy
Phoebe	Thanks Monica!	joy
Monica	Does that smell bother you?	disgust
Phoebe	What the smell from Joey’s? No, I can hardly smell it over here.	surprise
Monica	Well you let me know if you can, because y’know I can bake a pie to cover it.	neutral
Phoebe	I can smell it a little, bake the pie.	joy
Monica	Okay!	joy
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Hello?  Oh yes, one minute please.  It’s for you. It’s the fire inspector.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh!  Hello?  Yeah this is Phoebe.  Really?!	surprise
Joey	Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn’t the hair straightener that started the fire.	neutral
Joey	No-no, it was the candles.	neutral
Joey	It’s very not good leaving candles unattended.	neutral
Joey	In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is…  Uhh… Uhh… Okay.	neutral
Joey	Well, I have to go now.	neutral

Rachel	Joey proposed to me.	surprise

Monica	Is he crazy?! You just had Ross’s baby!	surprise
Rachel	Well, I-I said yes.	fear
Monica	What?!	surprise
Monica	Are you crazy?	anger
Monica	You just had Ross’s baby!	anger
Monica	It’s-it’s so  inappropriate.	anger
Monica	No, it’s worse than that.	disgust
Monica	It’s wrong.	disgust
Monica	It’s… It is bigger than  mine!	surprise
Rachel	I know.	neutral
Monica	You can’t marry him!	sadness
Rachel	Why not? I don’t want to do this alone! And he’s such a sweet  guy and he loves me so much.	sadness
Monica	Well do you love him?	neutral
Rachel	Sure.	neutral
Monica	Sure?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I mean whatever.	neutral
Monica	Honey, the question is…do you really want to marry Joey?	sadness
Rachel	No. No, I don’t. Could you be a dear and go tell him?	sadness

Phoebe	So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?	neutral
Mrs. Geller	Here comes the bride.	joy
Phoebe	Oh my God Monica!	surprise
Monica	I wanna wear this everyday.	joy
Rachel	You look so beautiful.	joy
Monica	I’m so happy for me.	joy
Rachel	Hello?	neutral
Joey	Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?	fear
Rachel	Yeah, we got him back. Everything’s fine.	neutral
Joey	Damnit!	anger

Ross	I will be! Listen, I don’t want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?	anger
Rachel	Fine.	neutral
Rachel	Fine, but I’ll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel.	anger
Rachel	And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I’ll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that’s what you want!	anger
Ross	No that’s not what I want. Uh, I’m glad you guys were bonding but I	neutral
Rachel	Look he doesn’t have any brothers or sisters, somebody’s gonna have to teach him this stuff!	sadness
Rachel	And I haven’t taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn’t know anyway!	neutral
Ben	Crap!!	anger
Rachel	I gotta go!	neutral

Monica	Look at that! Look at that! They’re going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?	surprise
Chandler	No.	neutral
Monica	Me neither! We have to get in!	surprise
Chandler	Just act like you belong.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God! Oranges!	surprise
Chandler	Shh!  Nice to see you again.	neutral
Airline Employee	Uh sir, may I see your tickets please?	neutral
Chandler	Yes, of course.	neutral
Airline Employee	I’m sorry, would you move your thumb? I can’t see the seat number.	neutral
Chandler	Oh that’s all right, I have it memorized. It’s 1A.	neutral

Rachel	Okay!	joy
Rachel	Y’know what?	neutral
Rachel	I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids.	joy
Rachel	All I really needed was a plan.	neutral
Rachel	See I wanna have three kids	neutral
Phoebe	Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.	joy
Rachel	As I was saying… I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I’m 35 which gives me five years.	neutral

Joey	You spent a hundred dollars. That’s the limit. You’re screwed!	joy
Ross	Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So technically,	anger
Joey	Oh-oh! So that’s the way it’s gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y’know!	anger
Ross	Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?	anger
Joey	I don’t know.	neutral
Ross	Why am I not surprised?	disgust
Joey	Y’know what Ross? I’m not gonna let you get away with this!	anger
Ross	I don’t think you have much choice.	neutral
Joey	Well we’ll see!	anger
Ross	Bye-bye!	neutral
Joey	Yeah bye-bye!  Hey! So just a light layer?	neutral
Ross	Yes. Yes. Just here  and there .	neutral

Ross	Dad?	neutral
Mr. Geller	I’m here!	neutral
Ross	Hey!	surprise
Mr. Geller	Hi. God, it seems like just yesterday you guys used to come out to watch me work.	joy
Ross	Dad, we-we can’t believe you’re selling the house.	sadness
Mr. Geller	Well, it’s time for a new family to start their memories here and hopefully their check will clear before they find the crack in the foundation and the asbestos in the ceiling.	neutral
Ross	Let’s grab our stuff and get the hell out of here.	neutral
Mr. Geller	I’m sorry we can’t store your childhood things anymore.	sadness
Monica	Oh, that’s okay, I can’t wait to see everything again! All of the memories	joy
Mr. Geller	Well, I don’t know what’s in the boxes down here, but I do know there are six or seven	neutral
Monica	I used to	neutral
Ross	Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.	neutral
Monica	Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a	neutral

Ross	Ok, got the vent open.	neutral
Phoebe	Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!	joy
Ross	Ben, you ready?	neutral
Ross	All right, gimme your foot.	neutral
Ross	Ok, on three, Ben.	neutral
Ross	One, two, three.	neutral
Ross	Ok, That's it, Ben.	neutral
Susan	What do you see?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.	neutral
Ross	Phoebs, It's open! It's open!	surprise
Janitor	Wait! You forgot your legs!	surprise

Mr. Posner	You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.	joy
Rachel	Thank you.	joy
Joanna	Filing system?	neutral
Joanna	Oh-oh!	surprise
Joanna	You mean those-those little colored labels you put on all the folders?	neutral
Joanna	It certainly did brighten up the inside of the filing cabinets.	joy
Rachel	Well, they uh, they-they do more than that.	neutral
Mrs. Lynch	I notice that you’ve been trusted with a lot of rather important responsibilities.	neutral
Rachel	Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.	joy
Joanna	Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It’s amazing how she gets it right almost	joy
Rachel	I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.	neutral
Joanna	Oh yes, well there’s the coffee too.  Rachel can carry two things at once!	joy
Mr. Posner	Yes, that’s very good. Now a uh, big part of this job is cultivating personal relationships, especially with designers.	neutral
Rachel	Yes, I realize that	neutral
Joanna	And Rachel shouldn’t have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.	neutral
Rachel	I love working with designers!	joy
Joanna	With them, under them, what’s the difference? Eh, Rach?	neutral

Rachel	Chandler, you have an assistant right?	neutral
Chandler	Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!	fear

Monica	Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.	neutral
Chandler	I do?	surprise
Monica	Yeah!  All right, maybe you don’t have to smile. Let’s try something else. Let’s try umm, try looking sexy.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Or not.	neutral

Phoebe	Where's Chandler?	neutral
Chandler	Here I am.	neutral
Phoebe	Wash your hands!!!	disgust
Chandler	How did you…know?	surprise
Ross	Hey! What's she doing back here?	surprise
Monica	Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!	neutral
Ross	Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...	neutral

Monica	What happened in Atlantic City?!	surprise
Ross	Well, Chandler and I are in a bar	neutral
Chandler	Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"	anger
Ross	And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay?	neutral
Ross	So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing.	neutral
Ross	Now, I know what you’re thinking, Chandler’s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you’re right, Chandler’s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with…girls.	joy
Monica	You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.	surprise
Chandler	In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.	anger
Ross	Oh Mon, I laughed so hard	joy
Chandler	Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?	anger
Ross	Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.	neutral

Rachel	So umm, you’re gonna stay with me as long as I need you?	neutral
Mrs. Green	Of course I am!	joy
Rachel	Oh mom, I swear I’m not an idiot.	neutral
Rachel	I’ve read all kinds of books on pregnancy and giving birth, but I-I just didn’t think to read the part about what to do when the baby comes.	neutral
Rachel	And-and then guess what?	neutral
Rachel	The baby’s coming and I don’t know what to do.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, can I throw up in my diaper genie?	sadness
Mrs. Green	No. Sweetie, you’re gonna be fine.	neutral
Rachel	Wait-wait where are you going? Where are you going?	fear
Mrs. Green	I’m going to the bathroom.	neutral
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Mrs. Green	Now don’t worry! Everything’s gonna be okay.	neutral
Monica	It	neutral
Ross	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?	surprise
Ross	I just Bamboozled Chandler!  Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.	neutral
Phoebe	Not if you were here.	neutral

Monica	Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God! This is it!   I really hope it’s you!	joy
Phoebe	I hope it’s you.	neutral
Rachel	Me too!	joy
Monica	First of all um, I love you both so much and you’re both so important to me	joy
Rachel	Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!	joy
Monica	Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade off being maid of honor for each other.	neutral
Monica	Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine	neutral
Phoebe	Yes!!! Oh!!	joy
Rachel	Hypothetically!	anger
Phoebe	Still.	neutral
Monica	If Phoebe were my maid of honor	neutral
Monica	Rachel would be Phoebe’s, I would be Rachel’s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah that’s actually a pretty good idea.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, I’ll do that. So who gets to be yours?	neutral
Monica	Well that’s the best part. Umm,	neutral
Phoebe	Wh-why is that the best part?	surprise
Monica	Because then I don’t have to!	joy
Rachel	Well of	neutral
Monica	I’m really not deciding!	joy
Rachel	Fine!	anger
Phoebe	Aww, and good luck to you too!  What a nice lady!	joy

Chandler	If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a phial of small pox to release in the hallway?	neutral

Monica	It's not just the drum noise.	neutral
Monica	Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye!	anger
Monica	Oh god, my eye!"	anger
Monica	I mean, it is so annoying.	anger
Phoebe	Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.	neutral
Monica	Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?	surprise
Phoebe	Maybe on some level.	neutral

Rachel	Joey? Could you get that?  What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?	surprise
Joey	No, I’m picking you up for our date. These are for you.	neutral
Rachel	Ohh, Lilies. Joey, they’re my favorite. Thank you.	joy
Joey	And, a brownie!	joy
Joey	Well, half a brownie.	neutral
Joey	Actually, it’s just bag.	neutral
Joey	It’s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin’ to feel faint so	neutral
Rachel	Oh man!	joy
Rachel	This is so great!	joy
Rachel	I actually feel like I’m going on a real date!	joy
Rachel	Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and I’m wearing underwear that goes up to about……there.	neutral
Joey	Hey come on now, this is a real date.	neutral
Joey	Uh, so…nice place you got here.	neutral
Joey	Foosball, huh?	surprise
Joey	Pizza box.	neutral
Joey	Oh, a subscription to	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, actually that’s my roommate’s.	neutral
Joey	I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.	neutral
Rachel	Ah yes, but he’s very protective of me so you’d better watch yourself.	neutral
Joey	Ah… Hey, so this roommate of yours…is he good looking?	joy
Rachel	Hm-mmm	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, but I’m pretty sure he’s gay.	neutral
Joey	No-no-no-no, he’s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!	anger

Rachel	Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?	anger
Monica	Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.	neutral
Phoebe	Ha. Ha, ha.	joy
Monica	What?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.	neutral
Monica	Please! I am not as bad as Ross.	disgust
Rachel	Oh, I beg to differ. The	neutral
Monica	That was	neutral
Rachel	Oooooh.  : Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!	joy

Ross	Well, not playing raquetball!	surprise
Joey	He forgot to leave his grip size!	surprise
Ross	He didn't get the goggles!	surprise
Rachel	Well,sounds like you two have issues.	neutral
Rachel	Goodbye, baby.	neutral
Paolo	Ciao, bela.	neutral
Ross	Do they wait for me to do this?	neutral
Joey	So are you gonna tell him?	neutral
Ross	Why would I tell him?	neutral
Joey	How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.	neutral
Monica	What are you guys doing here?	anger
Joey	Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!	surprise
Monica	...What did I ask?	neutral

Rachel	God. I feel violated.	disgust
Monica	Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?	disgust
Chandler	Ross, ten o'clock.	neutral
Ross	Is it? Feels like two.	sadness
Chandler	No,	neutral
Chandler	There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!	joy
Ross	Oh. Hel-lo!	joy
Chandler	She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!	joy
Monica	Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.	joy
Chandler	Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'	fear
Rachel	Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!	joy
Chandler	Oh please, could she	neutral
Ross	He could never get a woman like that in a million years.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.	neutral
Monica	You could do that!	joy
Chandler	You think?	surprise

Chandler	OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.	neutral
Phoebe	OK.	neutral
Chandler	This is great!  Helen, could you come in here for a moment?	joy
Chandler	Thank you Helen, that'll be all.	neutral
Chandler	Last time I do that, I promise.	neutral

Chandler	I am so, so, so, so sorry!	sadness
Monica	Uh-huh.	disgust
Chandler	And I will cook anything you want in here , and do anything in there!	fear
Monica	Yeah you will!  And, are you kiddin’ me?!	anger
Chandler	Come on Monica, it’s our Valentine’s Day. Please? Please-please, please?	sadness
Monica	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	So, are we going in there?	neutral
Monica	I am!!	joy

Ross	Wow!	surprise
Ross	It actually is in the handbook.	neutral
Ross	I can’t date you or have a hot plate in my office.	neutral
Ross	I can’t believe we have to stop seeing each other.	sadness
Elizabeth	For what it’s worth I did appreciate you standing up for me. It felt really nice. It kinda made me like you even more.	joy
Ross	I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can’t date. It’s against the rules. It’s forbidden.	neutral
Elizabeth	Wow!	surprise
Ross	What?	surprise
Elizabeth	Just hearing you describe it as forbidden, it’s really hot.	joy
Ross	Really?	surprise
Elizabeth	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	Well I-I-I don’t care how hot it is it’s-it’s uh, it’s wrong.	joy
Elizabeth	Stop it!	joy
Ross	No! No! It’s wrong! It’s-it’s-it’s naughty. It’s taboo.	joy
Elizabeth	Shut the book!	joy
Ross	Let’s also get a hot plate!	joy

Monica	Rach, you’re in a great place in your life. Come on, you’ve got a great job! Good friends	joy

Monica	Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?	joy
Megan	Oh I’m not, I just like to try these on.	neutral
Rachel	I do the same thing.	neutral
Megan	I’m just kidding. I’m getting married July 25	joy
Rachel	I’m just kidding too.  I’m getting married in December.	joy
Megan	So when are you getting married?	neutral
Monica	Oh May 15	neutral
Megan	Oooh it’s getting close!	joy
Megan	So uh, who’s your photographer?	neutral
Monica	Jeffrey	neutral
Megan	We met with him. Did he show you the photos of the nude wedding he did?	neutral
Monica	The best man? Wow!	surprise
Megan	I know! I almost called off my wedding. Oh, who’s your band?!	joy
Monica	Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.	neutral
Megan	Oh, you’re so lucky. My fiancee wants the heavy metal band Carcass.	sadness
Phoebe	Ooh, is that spelled with a ‘C’ or a ‘K’? Oh my God! It doesn’t matter; they’re both great!	joy
Rachel	Oh y’know what?	neutral
Rachel	Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman’s and get it half off.	neutral
Rachel	This place is so overpriced.	disgust
Rachel	So, does this  come in another color or	neutral

Chandler	I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time.	neutral
Chandler	It was unbelievable!	surprise
Chandler	We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...	joy
Monica	So have you called her yet?	neutral
Chandler	Let her know I like her?	fear
Chandler	What are you, insane?	anger
Chandler	It's the next day!	joy
Chandler	How needy do I want to seem?	neutral
Chandler	I'm right, right?	neutral
Joey and Ross	Oh, yeah. Yeah. Let her dangle.	neutral
Monica	I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, God, just do it!  Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!	anger
Chandler	Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat.  I got her machine.	neutral
Joey	Her answer machine?	neutral
Chandler	No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.	neutral
Phoebe	So, uh, why didn't you say anything?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, no-no-no-no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase "Yes indeedy-o."	disgust
Monica	Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!	surprise
Ross	Okay, okay, what's going on?	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, they're just talking...	neutral
Ross	Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?	neutral

Ross	So, um, what do you do for a living?	neutral
Kristin	Well, um, for the past few years I've been working.....which is funny because, that wasn't even my major.	neutral
Carol	Oh no. I thought you said they could shoot the spot without you.	neutral
Susan	I thought they could...I'll try to get back as soon as I can. I'm sorry.	sadness
Ross	Now that is funny.	neutral
Ross	Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us?	neutral
Ross	Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.	sadness
Kristin	I guess.	neutral
Ross	Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?	neutral
Carol	Oh, no no no. I'm fine. I'm fine.	neutral
Ross	Come on.	neutral
Ross	These people'll scooch down.	neutral
Ross	You guys'll scooch, won't you?	neutral
Ross	Let's try scooching!	joy
Ross	Come on.	neutral
Ross	Come on.	neutral
Ross	Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick.	neutral
Ross	Carol, Kristin.	neutral
Ross	Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade.	neutral
Ross	And, Kristin, Kristin......does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!	joy

Paul	Okay.	neutral
Paul	When I was six years old.	neutral
Rachel	Hm-mm	neutral
Paul	I wanted a big wheel.	neutral
Paul	And instead my parents got me this little plastic chicken that you hop around on.	anger
Paul	It was embarrassing, kids made fun of me.	sadness
Paul	That was a pretty tough year.	sadness
Rachel	That’s-that’s great!	joy
Rachel	See?	neutral
Rachel	I already feel like I know you a little better!	joy
Rachel	Thank you.	joy
Rachel	Okay, come on.	neutral
Rachel	Now we can go eat.	neutral
Rachel	Let’s go.	neutral
Paul	It was horrible. They called me chicken boy.	sadness
Rachel	Oh!	surprise

Joey	Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one?	anger
Chandler	That's patio furniture!	surprise
Joey	So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course!	neutral
Chandler	What about the birds?	neutral
Joey	I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something."	neutral
Chandler	You pick one.	neutral
Joey	All right, how about the ladybugs?	neutral
Chandler	Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!	anger
Joey	Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!	anger
Chandler	Not like that, I won't!  Kip would have liked the birds!	sadness

Joey	Bijan for men?	neutral
Joey	Bijan for men?	neutral
Joey	Bijan for...   Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work you and I could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.	neutral
Annabelle	Oh, actually I sorta have plans.	neutral
Hombre Man	Ready, Annabelle?	neutral
Annabelle	You bet.  Maybe some other time?	neutral
Joey	Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne.  Bijan for men?  Bijan for men?!	sadness

Chandler	That was amazing!	joy
Monica	Phoebe and Gary are	neutral
Chandler	That was amazing.	joy
Monica	We are the hottest! Huh?	joy
Chandler	No, you're the best.	neutral
Monica	No, you're the best.	neutral
Chandler	No, you're the best.	neutral
Monica	I	neutral
Joey	Hey guys!  What 'cha been doin'?	neutral
Monica	Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?	neutral

Joey	So what are you gonna do?	neutral
Ross	What can I do? One person wants to break-up, you break-up.	sadness
Chandler	Hey, no way! Come on, this is you guys, call her and work it out.	sadness
Ross	Oh come on, we just had this huge fight, all right, don’t I have to wait a while?	sadness
Chandler	Hey, this isn’t like swimming after you eat, pick up the phone!!	anger
Chandler	Y'know that whole swimming thing is a myth.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, tell that to my Uncle Lenny.	neutral
Chandler	Why? What happened to him?	neutral
Joey	Nothing, he’s just really believes in that.	neutral

Dr. Zane	It looks like your uterus is ready for implantation.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.	joy
Frank	Well, okay, so what’s now—go get, go get the eggs, put ‘em in there.	neutral
Dr. Zane	Okay, it’ll take just a little while to prepare the embryos.	neutral
Phoebe	Embryossss? As in, "More than one?"	surprise
Dr. Zane	Um-hmm, five actually.	neutral
Phoebe	Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?	neutral
Dr. Zane	We do five because that gives you a 25% chance that at least one will attach.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s it! 25 percent? That means that’s it’s like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!	surprise
Frank	Hey, y’know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?	neutral
Alice	Sweety, now, she’s a woman, not a gumball machine.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, well y’know what, don’t worry you guys, ‘cause I’m-I’m gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.	neutral
Frank	Well, you see, the-the thing is, we-we only got, we kinda have one shot to make it right.	neutral
Alice	Umm, it costs $16,000 each time you do this.	neutral
Alice	So, umm, we’re kinda using all the money we have to do it just this one time.	neutral
Phoebe	Whoa!! That—okay, that’s a	disgust
Dr. Zane	No, I’m sorry.	neutral
Phoebe	Wow! You guys really don’t know anything!	surprise
Frank	I know! Why don’t you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.	anger

Joey	Hey!	neutral
Monica	Hey!	neutral
Joey	You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!	disgust
Joey	Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!	anger
Monica	I don't know, clean places?	neutral
Joey	Mm, yum!	neutral
Monica	It's Danny.	neutral
Rachel	Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.	fear
Monica	We'll be right there!  Can't you just say it starts later?	anger
Rachel	What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!	surprise
Monica	The fake kind!	anger
Danny	Hey, hi, I need a ladle. You got a ladle?	neutral
Monica	We have a ladle.	neutral
Danny	Thanks, see you at the party.	neutral
Monica	Okay, great!	joy
Phoebe	Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle."	neutral

Monica	You're so efficient. I love you!	joy
Chandler	Let's go!	joy
Monica	No-no-no! We need something old!	sadness
Chandler	Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.	neutral
Monica	That'll work!	joy
Chandler	I don't think so.	neutral
Monica	Okay, now we just need something borrowed!	joy
Chandler	Here just…take this.	neutral
Monica	That's stealing!	sadness
Chandler	No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress.	neutral

Monica	Ohh.	joy
Chandler	Okay, one thing at a time.	neutral

Barry	Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, not much. I-I got a job.	joy
Barry	Oh, that's great.	joy
Rachel	Why are- why are you so tanned?	surprise
Barry	Oh, I, uh- I went to Aruba.	neutral

Monica	Noooo!  I'm lying. I am so drunk.	joy
Rachel	Oh God, oh.	anger
Rachel	Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried...	sadness
Rachel	Monica? Monica!	anger
Monica	Water rules!	joy
Rachel	Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?	neutral
Monica	Nope. Going to the	neutral
Rachel	Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!	anger
Monica	No, it is me!	joy
Monica	Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in!	anger
Monica	Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that.	joy
Monica	I'm- I'm Monana!	joy
Rachel	Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.	neutral
Monica	Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.	joy
Rachel	What?	neutral
Monica	They've arrested Monica.	sadness

Joey	Note the painterly lines    and subtle impasto on this canvas. Monet painted quickly and usually outdoors    as his elusive subject was light itself.	neutral
Ross	Now, do you have any idea what you just said?	neutral
Joey	No, no, my mouth    says the words, my brain is thinking monster trucks!	neutral
Ross	Ok now, remember, when you get to the museum, Monet is not spelt    M-O-N-A-Y.	neutral
Ross	I just...	neutral
Ross	I wrote that out phonetically for you.	neutral
Joey	Phonetically?	neutral
Ross	Yeah, yeah that means... you know? We just... we don't have time    for this.	neutral
Ross	Ok, but you know what? I gotta say, I'm really impressed that    you were able to memorize all this so quickly!	surprise
Joey	Ah! I'm an actor! I can memorize anything! Last week on "Days"    I had to say "Frontal temporal zygomatic craniotomy".	joy
Ross	Wow. What does	surprise
Joey	No idea!	surprise
Joey	But the guy I said it to dies in the next scene so I    guess it means "you're gonna get eaten by a bear".	neutral
Ross	Ok! So let's move on to the Renaissance?	neutral
Joey	Ok, Caravaggio uses chiaroscuro here to highlight the anguish    of the central figure. Touch it, it's really bumpy! .	neutral
Ross	Nah ah! Nah ah!  No no no! No ad-libbing    and dude, you can't	anger
Joey	Come on! you...	neutral
Ross	No!	anger

Ross	Oh.  Oh-oh.	neutral
Rachel	Hey!  What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?	surprise
Ross	Done!	joy
Rachel	You just finished?	surprise
Ross	Well, I wanted to be thorough.	neutral
Ross	I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us!	joy
Ross	And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!	joy
Rachel	So umm, does it?	neutral
Ross	I’m sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Does it?	fear
Ross	Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ‘Does it?’ part just another glance.	neutral
Rachel	What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice!	anger
Rachel	Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn’t, and if you have to even	anger
Ross	No, Rach, no. I don’t, I don’t, I don’t	neutral
Rachel	Are you sure?	joy
Ross	Oh, sure! I’m sure.	joy

Russell	You got married again.	neutral
Ross	Yes.	neutral
Russell	So that’s your second marriage in two years.	neutral
Ross	Yes, second in two years. Third overall.	neutral
Russell	Ross, I have been a divorce attorney for 23 years and never had I so much business from one client.	neutral
Russell	Why don’t you tell me what happened.	neutral
Ross	Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk	neutral
Russell	I’m sorry, is this the same Rachel who’s name you said at the altar in the second marriage?	surprise
Ross	Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do	neutral
Russell	Oh, that’s better then.	neutral
Ross	This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.	neutral
Russell	I see. Have you considered therapy?	neutral
Ross	I think just the	neutral
Russell	There are a couple of forms to fill out.	neutral
Ross	Easy.	neutral
Russell	And we’ll need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.	neutral
Ross	No problem.	neutral
Russell	And we’ll need you and Rachel to testify before a judge.	neutral
Ross	Ooh!	surprise
Ross	There’s no way to do this without her?	surprise
Ross	‘Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.	fear

Ross	So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.	neutral
Joey	But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.	neutral
Phoebe	Alright, here's my $7.50.  But I think you should know that this money is cursed.	neutral
Joey	What?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.	neutral
Chandler	That's alright, I'll take it.	neutral
Chandler	Bad things happen to me anyway.	neutral
Chandler	This way I can break 'em up with a movie.	neutral
Ross	Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...	neutral

Phoebe	You wanna do it right now?	neutral
Julie	Great!	joy
Phoebe	Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andie McDowell's the girl from	neutral
Rachel	No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andie McDowell is the guy from	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.	neutral
Rachel	You're welcome.	neutral

Ross	is for me not to see you anymore.	sadness
Rachel	That's crazy!	surprise
Rachel	You can't do that!	surprise
Rachel	What are you going to tell her?	sadness
Rachel	Oh God.	fear
Rachel	Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?	sadness
Ross	It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work.	sadness
Ross	And I do, I have to make	sadness
Rachel	Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That	surprise
Ross	You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.	sadness
Rachel	Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.	anger
Ross	What are you doing?	surprise
Rachel	Storming out!	anger
Ross	Rachel, this is your apartment.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!	anger

Joey	These little women. Wow!	surprise
Chandler	Your liking it, huh?	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah! Amy just burned Jo’s manuscript. I don’t see how he could ever forgive her.	joy
Ross	Umm, Jo’s a girl, it’s short for Josephine.	neutral

Phoebe	Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Hi.	neutral
Frank	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	Joey.	neutral
Joey	Hey-hey!	joy
Frank	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	This is Monica.	neutral
Frank	Whoa!	surprise
Phoebe	And this is Rachel.	neutral
Rachel	Hi!	joy
Frank	Whoa!!	surprise
Phoebe	I’m gonna get coffee.	neutral
Frank	Hey, how do you guys get anything done?	joy
Chandler	We don’t, really.	neutral
Rachel	Well, so, now, do you guys have a lot of big plans?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh yeah! Yeah, no, we’re gonna connect, y'know bond, and everything.	joy
Frank	Yeah, I was thinking that maybe we could go down to Time Square and pick up some ninja stars.	neutral
Frank	And, oh, um, my friend Larry, he wants me to take a picture of a hooker.	neutral
Chandler	You know, we don’t really take advantage of living in the city.	neutral

Rachel	Okay, Chandler!	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."	joy
Chandler	Oh, well thank you in advance.	joy
Rachel	Op, but the twelfth brings a lover’s spat.	surprise
Rachel	Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself.	surprise
Joey	Hey guys!	neutral
Chandler	Hey!!	joy
Rachel	Oh my God! It’s Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!!	surprise
Chandler	Oh that’s right. It’s your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?	joy
Joey	Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I’ve dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!	joy
Phoebe	No! Joey, you’re going to be great!	neutral
Joey	But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don’t know anything about technology!	fear
Joey	I can’t even use Chandler’s computer except to find porn!	anger
Joey	And-and that’s only ‘cause it’s right there when you turn it on!	anger
Monica	I think our lover’s spat will start a little early this month.	anger
Phoebe	I’ll be waiting.	neutral

Monica	Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay?	joy
Rachel	Oh my God! It sure didn’t look this way when I lived here.	surprise
Monica	I know!	surprise
Monica	Now look, there’s only one problem though.	joy
Monica	There’s only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey’s.	neutral
Phoebe	Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess  you should get to stay here.	sadness
Rachel	Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one’s fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.	neutral
Phoebe	Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.	neutral
Rachel	Okay!	joy
Monica	So Rach!	joy
Monica	You’re the first guest at Hotel Monica!	joy
Monica	Umm, you’ll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning.	neutral
Monica	And I thought I would bring them to you, y’know, in bed.	neutral
Monica	Oh, you have been through so much.	sadness
Rachel	I have.	sadness

Monica	This is just Bactine. It won't hurt.	neutral
Joey	Sorry, that was wax.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.	sadness
Ross	Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?	disgust
Rachel	During a blackout? He'd get trampled!	sadness
Ross	Yeah?	neutral

Ross	Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this.	sadness
Ross	But I'll still always come back, like this.	neutral
Ross	And sometimes I may be away longer, like this.	neutral
Ross	But I'll still always come back, like this.	neutral
Chandler	And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this.	neutral
Monica	He is so amazing.	joy
Rachel	Oh, I know. Look at him.	joy
Joey	Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes.  Look, he's opening his eyes.	joy
Joey	He doesn't do much, does he?	neutral
Ross	No, this is pretty much it.	neutral
Rachel	You guys wanna get some coffee?	neutral
All	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	All right, I'll see you guys later.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, look, he's closing his eyes again.	neutral

Ross	Come on, they're gonna love you.	joy

Chandler	Well, thank you for lunch.	neutral
Rachel	What? Wait a minute, I didn’t pay, I thought you paid!	neutral
Chandler	So apparently we just don’t pay for food anymore.  Do you see what I see?	neutral

Monica	How did it go?	neutral
Chandler	Had the money in the wrong hand.	neutral

Monica	All right, I’m gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?	neutral
Rachel	I’ll do it.	neutral
Monica	Who wants it? Anybody?	neutral
Rachel	I said I’ll do it!	anger
Monica	Nobody wants to do it? All right, I’ll do it myself.	disgust
Rachel	Monica! I’m not gonna screw it up!	anger
Monica	You’re right, I’m sorry.	sadness
Monica	Actually you were a big help tonight.	joy
Monica	Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.	neutral
Rachel	Well of course that is what I’m here for!	joy
Monica	Okay. Sorry.	neutral
Rachel	Ugh!  What grandmother?	surprise

Rachel	Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?	neutral
Tag	Yes, at 4:00.	neutral
Rachel	Okay, thank you.	neutral
Rachel	That’ll be all.	neutral
Rachel	Wait!	surprise
Rachel	Wait!	surprise
Rachel	Did you see that?	surprise
Rachel	That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us.	surprise

Joey	You’ve seen my huge stack of porn, right?	neutral

Chip	Hey Monica, it’s Chip.	neutral
Monica	Yes.	joy
Ross	Who’s Chip?	neutral
Monica	Shhh!	neutral
Chip	Good runnin’ into you at the bank today, so ah, here’s my number, 555-9323. Give me a call. Later.	neutral
Monica	Chip, is Chip Matthews.	neutral
Ross	The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?	surprise
Monica	‘Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.	joy
Ross	Monica, you’re so lucky! He’s like the most popular guy in school!!	joy
Monica	I know!!   Chip? Hi! It’s Monica.  ‘Kay.  ‘Kay.  Okay.  Okay, good-bye.  Oh my God, we just had	joy
Ross	I was just leaving.	neutral
Rachel	Good! ‘Cause I’ve got a product report to read, it’s like eight pages, I hope I don’t fall asleep.	neutral
Ross	Why? Did you write it?	neutral
Rachel	Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?	surprise
Ross	Well ah, actually...	neutral

Monica	Here’s your tea Phoebe.	neutral
Phoebe	It’s so good.  Oh, thanks.	joy
Rachel	Good.	joy
Monica	I’m so glad you liked it.	joy
Phoebe	Oh!	surprise
Monica	What?!	surprise
Rachel	What?! She made the tea!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.	surprise
Rachel	You what?	surprise
Monica	Oh my God!	surprise

Mr. Burgin	I like her. She sees smart.	joy

Ross	I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.	sadness
Rachel	Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight.	neutral

Joey	I have actually	neutral
Mr. Treeger	: Yeah, well your friends are in violation of it.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	I’ve been a nice guy up until now, but uh, I don’t need this grief.	anger
Mr. Treeger	I’m gonna call the landlord and tell him that Monica is illegally subletting here grandmother’s apartment.	anger
Mr. Treeger	Your friends are outta here pal.	anger
Joey	Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know!	anger

Chandler	All right! I found one that fits!	joy
Rachel	Well y’know what they say, the 23	neutral
Chandler	Whose is it?	neutral
Rachel	Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome.	sadness

Ben	Oh damnit!	disgust
Rachel	No! Don’t say that! Don’t say that!	fear
Ben	Damn it!	joy
Rachel	No don’t! Go back to repeating!	fear
Ben	Damn it!	joy
Rachel	Oh crap!	anger
Ben	Oh crap!	joy

Joey	Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my comic books in here?	neutral
Rachel	Sure! Why?	surprise
Joey	Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.	neutral
Rachel	What?!	surprise
Rachel	She just called and said that she was gonna be working late!	anger
Rachel	She keeps lying to me!	anger
Rachel	That's it!	anger
Rachel	I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now!	anger

Phoebe	So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.	joy
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh absolutely. Shall we say, around seven?	joy
Chandler	Yes.	neutral
Phoebe	Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse.	joy
Joey	Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend!	surprise
Rachel	Oh yeah!  Oh my God! That is	surprise
All	Yeah, it is! Naked Ross!!	surprise

Ross	Y'know, hey! You’re the one who ended it, remember?	anger
Rachel	Yeah, because I was	neutral
Ross	You still love me?	anger
Rachel	Noo.	disgust
Ross	What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?	neutral
Rachel	Noo! Maybe! I, I don’t know.	sadness
Ross	What?!	surprise
Rachel	I just, I feel, I-I just...	sadness

Phoebe	I won! I won! I finally won!	surprise
The Lurker	I won! That was my quarter!	anger
Phoebe	Fine! Here! Take a hike toots!	anger
The Lurker	Excuse me, sir! This lady played my quarter, this is my money.	anger
The Security Guard	Is that true miss?	neutral
Phoebe	Sells drugs to kids.	disgust
The Security Guard	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	She sells drugs to kids.	disgust
The Lurker	It was my quarter!	anger
The Security Guard	Was it her quarter?	neutral
Phoebe	How about we talk about this over dinner?	neutral
The Security Guard	Okay lady, you're out of here.	disgust
Phoebe	No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!!	anger
The Security Guard	I'm just taking you outside!	anger
Phoebe	Oh, okay.	neutral

Ross	Hey!	neutral
Rachel	Hey!	neutral
Ross	Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married.  We register, and	neutral
Rachel	No!	anger
Rachel	Ross, come on!	anger
Rachel	No!	anger
Rachel	Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.	sadness
Ross	I don’t know if it’s true.	neutral
Rachel	Oh b-b-but it is!	anger
Ross	Oh, okay, y’know what this is?	neutral
Rachel	Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world’s worst hangover! Ross, listen, if	anger
Ross	All right. All right, I’ll do it.	sadness
Rachel	Thank you.  Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower?	neutral

Chandler	Hey! What are you guys doing?	neutral
Monica	Making holiday candy for the neighbors.	neutral

Monica	Yes!	joy
Chandler	So I really never get to win anymore?	sadness
Monica	How much did ever really win before?	neutral

Monica	He is so cute.  So, where did you guys grow up?	neutral
Angela	Brooklyn Heights.	neutral
Bob	Cleveland.	neutral
Monica	How, how did that happen?	surprise
Joey	Oh my god.	surprise
Monica	What?	surprise
Joey	I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not.	neutral

Chandler	Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.	neutral
Joey	No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.	anger
Chandler	Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!	anger
Joey	Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.	anger
Chandler	I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right.  Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!	anger

Phoebe	Hey you guys, guess what?	neutral
Chandler	The British are coming?	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh, you and your ways.  Since it’s Christmastime. I’m going to be one of those people collection donations.	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.	joy
Chandler	Ohh.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, yeah, I’m going to be out there spreading joy to the people.	joy
Phoebe	I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough.	joy
Phoebe	So this year, I’m going to do the whole city.	joy
Monica	You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was	neutral

Monica	I can't	neutral
Chandler	Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!	joy
Monica	That was a half an hour?	surprise
Chandler	It's your timer.	neutral
Monica	Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the	neutral
Chandler	All right, then massage me up right nice!	joy
Chandler	Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!	joy
Monica	It's so good, isn't it?	neutral
Chandler	It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!	joy
Monica	Say good-bye to sore muscles!	joy
Chandler	Good-bye muscles!!	joy

Phoebe	Oh whoa-whoa-whoa!	anger
Phoebe	Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look.	neutral
Phoebe	Quarter.	neutral
Phoebe	Dime.	neutral
Phoebe	Lint?	neutral
Phoebe	Not interested in that.	neutral
Phoebe	What's this?	neutral
Phoebe	A Canadian coin?	neutral
Phoebe	Get outta here!	surprise
Phoebe	Whoa-whoa-whoa!	surprise
Phoebe	No drinks near the bucket!	anger
Phoebe	Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution!	anger
Phoebe	And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too!	anger
Phoebe	Hi Bob!	joy
Phoebe	I thought I told you to get outta here!	anger
Bob	Uh, Phoebe we've been getting complaints and uh, we're gonna move you to a less high-profile spot.	neutral

Phoebe	Well, because we thought you knew!! It’s so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."	neutral

Chandler	Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops?	joy
Joey	Oh no, I can’t go. I’m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.	joy

Ross	Oh cool!	joy

Chandler	That’s great.	joy

Joey	Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I’ll  Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I’ll be  Joey Trrrribbiani!	joy
Chandler	You’ll be perfect for this! That’s already your name!	joy
Joey	But the audition’s in a couple hours and I don’t even understand the game.	fear
Ross	Well do you want some help?	neutral
Joey	Oh really? That’d be great! You guys can be the contestants!	surprise
Ross	Awesome!	joy
Chandler	Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.	neutral
Joey	All right! Let’s play Bamboozled!	joy
Chandler	Bamboozled?	surprise
Joey	Yeah, isn’t that a cool name?	joy
Ross	Yeah!	joy
Chandler	No!	disgust

Ross	Oh. Okay, just breathe.	neutral
Julie	Oh honey, I think I’m having one too!	surprise
Marc	Look at this!  There we go!	joy

Ross	Excuse me. Hi, I’m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437?	neutral
The Librarian	Well, yes! Just give me five minutes, I just have to find someone to cover my shift.	joy
Ross	No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!	anger
The Head Librarian	How can I help you?	neutral
Ross	Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section?	anger
Ross	See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it.	anger

The Head Librarian	We are aware of the problem you are referring to.	neutral

The Head Librarian	But as far as increasing security, I’m afraid the library is very understaffed.	neutral
The Head Librarian	I, I can’t help you.	sadness
Ross	Well, fine.	anger
Ross	Fine!	anger
Ross	If-if I’m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I’ll go up there and defend it myself!	anger
Ross	And don’t you follow me!	anger

Phoebe	Okay. Would you rather live in the shirt pocket of a sweaty giant, or inside his shower drain?	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God! Phoebe look, it’s Ross and that girl.	surprise
Phoebe	No! No! Look at that!  It’s a line of ants! They’re working as a team!	surprise
Phoebe	Right, oh yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	Wow, oh, it looks like Ross is breaking up with her.	surprise
Phoebe	Uff, I hope he lets her down easy.	neutral
Rachel	Come on Phoebe, look at that!	anger
Rachel	They are not breaking up, look at them.	neutral
Rachel	Okay that’s, you know what that is?	neutral
Rachel	That is a, that is a second date, that’s what that is!	sadness
Rachel	Look at that, she just put her hand on his thigh...	neutral
Phoebe	Oh no! That really is nothing, she is	neutral
Rachel	Ohh!  Phoebe, this is all your fault! Now he loves her, he’s gonna marry her, and this is all your fault.	anger

Chip	You know where I work!	neutral
Monica	I do?	neutral
Chip	The movie theatre, you used to come in all the time.	neutral
Monica	You still work at the multiplex?	neutral
Chip	Oh, like I’d give up that job! Free popcorn and candy, anytime I want. I can get you free posters for your room.	joy
Monica	Thanks, I’m set. Do you still live with your parents?	neutral
Chip	Oh yeah, but I can stay out as late as I want.	neutral

Guy #1	Nice car!	joy
Joey	Yeah, it’s not mine.	neutral
Woman	I love your car.	joy
Joey	Yeah, it’s  mine.	neutral
Woman	I bet it’s fast.	neutral
Joey	Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?	neutral
Woman	Yeah!	joy
Joey	It’s got ‘em!	joy

Ross	Joey, please!	fear
Joey	Sorry.	neutral
Joey	Ahhh..	anger
Chandler	Hello children!	joy
Joey	Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Joey	No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on!	neutral
Joey	All right, I have one question.	neutral
Chandler	Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?	neutral
Joey	No, the quiet down thing!	anger
Chandler	You mean this.	neutral
Joey	Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my	anger
Chandler	All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!	neutral
Joey	All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	No-no-no-no!	fear
Joey	YES!!	joy
Ross	Uh fellas,	neutral
Chandler	Okay, so he's out of here.	neutral

Chandler	Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.	neutral

Joey	I know it doesn't make much sense	neutral
Chandler	Much	neutral
Joey	Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!	anger
Chandler	So you risked your life, for a sandwich!	joy
Joey	I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is  the greatest sandwich in the world!	joy
Chandler	So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.	sadness
Joey	No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!	sadness
Chandler	Really?!	surprise
Joey	Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me,  here.	neutral
Chandler	Thanks.	joy
Joey	No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog!	anger
Joey	How good is that?	neutral
Chandler	Oh-oi-ho, yeah!	joy
Joey	See?	neutral
Joey	Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!	surprise
Chandler	I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.	surprise
Joey	Yeah. With a bite!  Gee-e-e-eez!	joy

Chandler	Check out the ring.	joy
Rachel	Nice! One and a half carat easy.	joy
Phoebe	Hi.	neutral
Ross	Hey-hey Pheebs!	joy
Ross	Chandler’s gonna ask Monica to marry him!	joy
Phoebe	Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring.	neutral
Ross	You told her before you told us?	surprise
Chandler	Well, she walked in when I was looking at the ring brochures. You can understand that, right?  Guys? Guys?	fear

Monica	Let's see.	neutral
Monica	Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports.	neutral
Phoebe	What about Glen? He could be a Glen.	neutral
Monica	Nah... not-not special enough.	neutral
Phoebe	Ooh! How about Agamemnon?	neutral
Monica	Waaay too special.	neutral

Joey	Hey Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Joey	Check it out.  How much of a man am I?!	joy
Phoebe	Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.	joy
Joey	Y’know, I’m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.	neutral
Phoebe	Uh-huh.	neutral
Joey	The silk? Feels really good!	joy

Cassie	Ah yeah, sorry about that.	sadness
Ross	It’s okay. Come, come on in.	neutral
Cassie	Thanks for letting me stay here! I mean Monica’s place was nice, but her fiancée sure stares a lot.	joy
Ross	Oh.	neutral
Cassie	Oh my God! You do a great Chandler!	surprise
Ross	Uh-huh. Yeah, I-I have a knack for impressions.	neutral
Cassie	Well, maybe after we get reacquainted uh, you can do me.	joy
Ross	Yeah—No!!	disgust

Joey	Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out!  Guess which job I got.	joy
Chandler	I don’t know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black.	neutral
Ross	What?	neutral
Chandler	Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.	neutral
Rachel	But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?	neutral
Chandler	Well, you-you know what I meant.	neutral
Monica	No, you messed it up. You’re stupid.	anger
Chandler	So what job did you get Joe?	neutral
Joey	Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.	neutral
Rachel	Well, how can you be a tour guide, don’t you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?	neutral

Chandler	I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!	anger
Ross	Y'know if we ever go to war and you’re captured, you’re in for a	neutral
Chandler	It just keeps getting worse and worse!	anger
Chandler	I mean it’s bad enough that I’m in love with my roommates girlfriend—which by the way, I think she knows.	neutral
Chandler	Because every time we’re in the room together there’s this weird like energy between us.	neutral
Chandler	And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too.	neutral
Chandler	And now I have seen her naked.	neutral
Chandler	I mean at least when I’ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something.	neutral
Chandler	But there are no boles, she’s smooth!	neutral
Chandler	Smooth!	neutral
Phoebe	Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?	surprise
All	Yeah! Oh my God!	surprise

Joey	So, you and Angela, huh?	surprise
Bob	Yep. Pretty much.	joy

Joey	Oh, that's what she meant!	surprise
Joey	You know, if they're    gonna shorten it, they should call it the MUSE!	neutral
Joey	You know, short for museum,    and avoid all the confusion!	neutral
Ross	Yeah, most of it it's a place	neutral
Joey	Ok, all right, so I'll take her to the MET.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, uh, uh, ok, there's this great rare bookstore on Madison    Avenue.	neutral
Ross	You know what?	neutral
Ross	She loves architecture, you know what you should do?	neutral
Ross	You should take a walk down fifth to the Saint Patrick's Cathedral and there    there's this great little pastry shop that she'd love.	joy
Joey	Geez, sounds like you should be going on this date!	surprise
Ross	But I'm not! . You know what if you're in the mood for    Thai food...	neutral
Joey	Whoa, whoa, whoa! Slow down, you go	surprise
Ross	Ok.	neutral
Joey	You got to tell me exactly what to do there.	neutral

Ross	Ok, when you walk in the museum, take the right, that's the antiquities    wing.	neutral

Ross	Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, up to the Byzantine Empire.	neutral
Joey	Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! So, I walk in the door and make    the right	surprise

Ross	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?	neutral
Ross	Oh, yeah, no problems. It’s all taken care of.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?	neutral
Ross	Oh yeah, why not?	neutral
Rachel	Pheebs?	neutral
Phoebe	No thanks, I’ve already seen one.	neutral
Rachel	Okay, umm, I’m gonna get my sweater.	neutral
Ross	Okay.  You uh, you wanna hear something weird?	joy
Phoebe	Always.	neutral
Ross	I didn’t get the annulment.	sadness
Phoebe	What?!	surprise
Ross	We’re still married! Don’t tell Rachel. See you later.	joy

Joey	Hey! Are you okay?	neutral
Kate	Fabulous.	joy
Joey	Listen, drama critics they’re nothing but, but people who couldn’t make it as actors. You know what you should do?	joy

Ross	Exactly. So you didn’t, didn’t mention anything to Issac right?	fear
Chloe	Oh, well I tell Issac everything.	neutral
Ross	You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven’t actually met...	neutral
Issac	You dog!	joy
Ross	Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.	neutral
Issac	Oh right, that Rachel chick from the coffee place.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, that’s the one. Listen, I don’t want to hurt her.	neutral
Issac	Oh, hey, man I know, doesn’t matter how much we love ‘em, monogamy is too cruel a rule.	neutral
Ross	Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?	neutral
Issac	Aw, no problem dude. Y'know we got to look out for each other. We’re the same, you and me.	neutral
Ross	Actually, no, we’re not.	joy
Issac	Yeah, we are.	neutral
Ross	No, we’re not.	neutral
Issac	Yeah, we are.	neutral
Ross	No, we’re not!!	anger
Issac	Okay, we’re not.	neutral
Ross	Right.	neutral
Issac	But, we are.	neutral
Ross	Fine. I just need to know that you’re not gonna tell your sister.	neutral
Issac	I can promise not to tell her again.	neutral

Ross	Emily!	joy
Emily	Oh my God! What are you doing here?	surprise
Ross	I just, I had to see you one more time before you took-off.	joy
Emily	You are so sweet.	joy
Ross	That’s, that’s, that’s a big candy bar. (She’s holding one of those huge	sadness
Emily	Me too.	neutral
Emily	Well, that’ me.  Here, have this.  I’m only allowed one piece of carryon anyway.	neutral
Ross	Wait uh, listen.	neutral
Ross	I-I, I have to tell you something.	fear
Ross	Umm, I’ve been thinking, I’m just gonna come out and say it.	fear
Ross	Okay?	fear
Ross	I-I-I ah, I-I think I love you.	joy
Emily	Oh.  Thank you.	neutral
Ross	That’s no problem.	neutral

Chandler	Monica!	surprise
Monica	She’s sleeping.	neutral
Chandler	I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was	neutral
Monica	Deep Impact	neutral
Chandler	Sorry, I just…can’t sleep.	surprise
Chandler	Ooh!	anger
Chandler	Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it?	neutral
Chandler	Because every time I look at that cover I’m like	neutral
Monica	It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.	neutral

Monica	Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section	sadness
Ross	Yeah?	neutral
Monica	Look at this.	neutral
Ross	Oh, it looks like mom and dad’s house.	neutral
Ross	Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is…Oh my God!	surprise
Phoebe	What? What happened to the window in the attic?!	surprise
Monica	I can’t believe mom and dad are selling the house!	anger
Ross	I can’t believe they-they didn’t even tell us!	joy
Phoebe	I can’t believe I still don’t know what happened to the	surprise

Joey's Hand Twin	Nothing?	neutral
Joey	Look, you and I have been given a gift.	neutral
Joey	We have to do something with it.	neutral
Joey	Like-like, hand modeling!	joy
Joey	Or-or magic!	joy
Joey's Hand Twin	I have to get back to	neutral
Joey	Whoa!	surprise
Joey	Whoa!	surprise
Joey	We could have our own show!	joy
Joey	Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it!	joy
Joey	Huh?	anger
Joey	And-and-and I wrote a song for us!	joy
Joey	(Singing, to the tune of	joy
Joey's Hand Twin	That's okay.	neutral
Joey	But you haven't even heard the chorus!	neutral

Mr. Geller	Well, she’ll understand right? It’s not like I did it on purpose.	sadness
Ross	Dad, that won’t matter to her.	neutral
Ross	Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all hers is-is, is growing new stuff!	anger
Ross	See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her.	anger
Mr. Geller	Oh my God, does she really thinks that?	surprise
Ross	Well, can you blame her?	sadness
Mr. Geller	Well I don’t know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could	joy
Ross	Dad, dad I don’t want to hear about it.	sadness
Mr. Geller	Really?	surprise
Ross	Well, not right now.	neutral
Ross	Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we’re gonna give her some!	neutral
Ross	Okay, grab…grab some empty boxes.	neutral
Ross	Okay?	neutral
Ross	We’ll-we’ll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we’ll-we’ll put ‘em in there.	joy

Rachel	Y’know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.	joy
Joey	You could?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah! I’ve been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.	joy
Phoebe	Your own boat?	surprise
Rachel	What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.	surprise

Ross	He’s coming here for Thanksgiving!	joy

Monica	Count in our heads as-as good	anger
Joey	I guess I'm done.	neutral
Chandler	Fun’s over	joy
Monica	Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!	fear
Joey	I think I'm gonna take-off.	neutral
Monica	Guys, rules are good! Rules help control the fun!  Ohhh!	joy

Chandler	Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it	neutral
Shelley	Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.	neutral
Chandler	Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...	neutral
Shelley	Do you want a date Saturday?	neutral
Chandler	Yes please.	neutral
Shelley	Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-	neutral
Chandler	He's a he?	surprise
Shelley	Well yeah!	surprise
Shelley	...Oh God.	fear
Shelley	I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley.	anger
Shelley	I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now...	disgust
Shelley	Okay, goodbye...	disgust

Chandler	Well, it's official there are no good movies.	sadness
Janice	Well, let's go to a bad one and make out.	neutral
Monica	Perhaps, you would like me to turn like this,  so that you can bunny bump against my back.	neutral
Joey	Hey!	surprise
Phoebe	Hey.	neutral
Chandler	Hey, man. What's up?	neutral
Joey	Maybe you can tell me.	neutral
Joey	My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today.	anger
Joey	The first good thing she gets me in weeks.	neutral
Joey	How could you not give me the message?	anger
Chandler	Well, I'll tell ya I do enjoy guilt, but, ah, it wasn't me.	anger
Phoebe	Yes, it was! It was him! Uh huh!  Okay, it was me!	anger

Chandler	See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed.	neutral

Ross	Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?	neutral
Joey	Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?	surprise
Ross	There’s this kid in my class who said he’s in love with me.	sadness
Joey	Whoa!	surprise
Rachel	Whoa what?	surprise
Joey	Ross has a boyfriend.	neutral
Ross	I do-I do	joy
Rachel	Really?	surprise
Ross	Yeah!	joy
Ross	I don’t know.	neutral
Ross	I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid.	anger
Ross	What-what-what-what is it?!	joy
Ross	Am I giving out some kind of…sexy professor vibe?	anger
Rachel	Not right now.	neutral
Ross	It-it—The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid!	sadness
Rachel	I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard!	joy
Rachel	Y’know you—I couldn’t concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me.	neutral
Rachel	I mean come on, you remember what’s it’s like to be 19 and in love.	neutral

Rachel	Oh yes! Thank you very much!  Oh that’s-that’s actually how the French drink it.	joy

Monica	A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man!  Yes!	joy
Chandler	Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!	joy
Monica	That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?	joy
Chandler	Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?	neutral
Monica	Pick a number! That is your	neutral
Chandler	8. 8!	joy
Monica	Thank you!	joy
Chandler	If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!	joy

Richard	Yeah, I understand.	neutral
Richard	Take as much time as you want.	neutral
Richard	Ten, even twenty minutes if you need it.	neutral
Richard	I’ll be here.	sadness
Richard	Not smoking.	sadness

Ross	We’re really gonna do this, huh?	surprise

Carol	Looks like it.	neutral
Ross	Y’know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at	neutral
Carol	I got it!	joy
Ross	Okay.	neutral
Carol	Susan! Hi!	joy
Susan	Hey!	joy
Carol	Thank you so much for coming.	joy
Susan	Oh, I wouldn’t miss it for the world.	joy
Ross	I’m-I’m Ross by the way.	neutral
Susan	Hello Ross.  I love what you’ve done with this space.	joy
Carol	Thank you so much.	joy
Ross	How hot is this?!	surprise

Ross	Guess who's here. It's the toughest guy in toy land, Ben.  'A real American hero. I'm	neutral
Rachel	G.I. Joe	neutral
Ross	Look Ben, it's a toy that protects U.S. oil interests overseas!	joy

Monica	It took me 28 years to find one man that I wanna spend my life with, if I have to wait another 28 years then, I'll be 56 before I can have a baby, and that's just stupid.	sadness
Chandler	That, that's what's stupid.	disgust
Monica	I don't need an actual man, just a couple of his best swimmers.	neutral
Monica	And there, there are places you can go to get that stuff.	neutral
Rachel	Down at the docks again?	anger

Ross	Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?	neutral
Girl	I’m not gonna tell you! You’re the bad man who broke Sarah’s leg.	anger
Ross	Hey now! That was an accident, okay.	anger
Girl	You’re a big scrud.	anger
Ross	What’s a scrud?	neutral
Girl	Why don’t you look in the mirror, scrud.	anger
Ross	I don’t have too. I can just look at you.	joy
Leader	All right girls, and man. Let’s see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very nice.	joy
Ross	Not nice enough.	anger
Leader	Charla, 278. Sorry, dear, but still good.	neutral

Monica	So, how’d the lasagne go over?	neutral
Monica	Really?!	surprise
Monica	Good.	neutral
Monica	So you owe me three pretty things.	neutral
Monica	Yeah, I’ve been thinking a lot about you too.	neutral
Monica	It’s hard this whole platonic thing.	sadness
Monica	It’s a word!	surprise
Monica	Yeah, I do think it’s better this way.  Yeah, we’re being smart.   Yes, I’m sure.	neutral
Richard	You really sure?	neutral
Monica	I’ll call you back.	neutral

Chandler	So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?	surprise
Monica	Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary… Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together.	neutral
Chandler	But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary.	neutral
Chandler	I am	neutral
Monica	I think you're better than you think you are.	neutral
Chandler	Really? Okay, so	surprise
Monica	Know when to stop.	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?	neutral
Monica	Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen.  Don't do the dance.	neutral
Chandler	Right!	joy

Frank	Ow!-Ow!-Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Y'know, ow!	anger
Phoebe	Hey!-Hey! What’s going on?	surprise
Frank	She broke my arm.	anger
Girl	He touched my fanny.	anger
Frank	No, she touched mine first!	anger
Girl	That’s my job!	anger

Janice	Are you being British?!	surprise
Chandler	No. Not anymore.	neutral
Janice	Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?	surprise
Chandler	Yeah, huh. I'm just uh, you know I'm just picking up some things for a party.	neutral
Janice	Barley? What kind of party serves barley?	anger
Chandler	Well, I'm sorry if my friends aren't as sophisticated as yours.	anger
Janice	Where is this party?	neutral
Chandler	Here in Chelsea.	neutral
Janice	Who's party is it?	anger
Chandler	A woman's	neutral
Janice	What woman?!	anger
Chandler	Chelsea.	neutral
Janice	Either you're seeing somebody behind my back, which would make you the biggest jerk on the planet.	disgust
Janice	Or, else you're pretending that you're seeing somebody, which just makes you so pathetic that I could start crying right here in the cereal aisle.	disgust
Janice	So like which of these two guys do you want to be?	sadness
Chandler	Can I be that guy?	joy

Chandler	Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!	joy
Dana	Y’know uh, actually I-I-I should get going.	anger
Chandler	Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!	fear
Dana	Wow. Oh, I am really flattered, but I just I don’t feel that way about you.	surprise
Chandler	Oh no-no-no, that’s not—No-no-no!	anger

Monica	Did you just flick me?	anger
Rachel	OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]	joy
Phoebe	Oh!  All right.  Now, let's not do this!	anger
Phoebe	Happy thoughts!  Happy thoughts!	anger
Phoebe	OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.	anger
Rachel	Ow! Ow! Ow!	anger
Phoebe	Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.	neutral
Rachel	Fine!	anger
Monica	Fine!	anger
Phoebe	There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.	neutral

Joey	Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.	neutral
Chandler	Oh my God!	surprise
Joey	Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I	joy
Joey	Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on.	neutral
Joey	I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges.	neutral

Chandler	Hi.	neutral
Monica	Hi.	neutral
Chandler	Hi, listen, I’m sorry about before.	sadness
Chandler	I don’t need to have a game room.	neutral
Chandler	I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn’t get girls, and now I	neutral
Monica	Stop it Chandler.  I’m sorry too.	sadness
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Monica	Yeah! Oh yes!	anger
Chandler	Ohh.	neutral
Monica	Listen, we don’t have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.	joy
Chandler	That’s a great idea! We can	joy

Monica	Totally!	joy

Chandler	We don’t have to come up with this now.	neutral
Monica	Oh good.	joy

Rachel	Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s great. Good for you guys.	joy
Monica	I am not high maintenance!	anger
Rachel	I am not a pushover!	anger
Phoebe	Who said you were?	neutral
Rachel	You did!	anger
Phoebe	Oh, I’m flaky. I’ll say anything.	neutral

Rachel	Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.	joy
Ross	That does not sound stupid to me.	neutral
Ross	You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me?	neutral
Ross	I'm sorry, that's all the time we have.	sadness
Ross	Next on Ross... Uh-oh.	neutral
Rachel	What uh-oh?	joy
Ross	Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done.	fear
Ross	It's, uh, it's a song.	neutral
Ross	The laundry song that we sing.	neutral
Ross	Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.	neutral
Rachel	Ross, what's the matter?	anger
Ross	Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.	neutral

Chandler	Why are you here?	surprise
Janice	Well, Sid and I are trying again and we had trouble last time    because apparently we...	sadness
Chandler	No no no... I mean,	neutral
Janice	Oh! Someone's a little cranky today cuz they have to do it in    a cup!  Oh! They gave you the kiddy size .	anger
Chandler	What!?	surprise
Monica	This was fun! But I've got an invasive vaginal exam to get to!	joy
Chandler	I'd love to stay, but I have eh...  got    a hot date...	joy
Janice	Please... go!  Just let me know if you    need a hand!	neutral
Chandler	I think it just fell off.	neutral

Ross	I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again!	sadness
Chandler	And I just want a million dollars!	fear
Monica	Rachel?!	surprise

Chandler	Yeah.	neutral
Monica	Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em!	anger
Monica	And we're not a couple of suckers!	anger
Chandler	I hear ya, Mugsy!	neutral
Chandler	But look, all these rooms are fine okay?	neutral
Chandler	Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.	anger
Monica	Okay,	neutral
Chandler	Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!	anger
Monica	Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?	disgust
Chandler	Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?	anger
Monica	Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!	anger
Chandler	Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?	anger
Monica	I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!	anger
Chandler	Do not speak ill of the dead.	anger
Monica	We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?	anger
Chandler	I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.	sadness
Monica	What did you say?	anger
Chandler	I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."	fear

Monica	Y’know, maybe it’s best that we never got to do it again.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special.  Y’know, technically we still	neutral
Monica	I’m gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I’ll see you there in a bit?	neutral
Chandler	‘Kay!	neutral
Joey	Can I ask you something?	neutral
Chandler	Uhh, no.	neutral
Joey	Felicity and I, we’re watching	neutral
Chandler	No.	neutral
Joey	I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y’know, you think I’ll ever get there?	neutral
Chandler	Yes.	neutral
Joey	Thanks man.	neutral
Chandler	Okay man.	neutral
Joey	But what about how much taller he is than me?	neutral
Joey	I mean, there’s no way I can make myself taller now, y’know?	neutral
Joey	And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?	anger
Joey	Hey, Monica, wow you’ve been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.	surprise
Monica	I know!	anger
Joey	Had the beef-tips, huh?	neutral

Dr. Wesley	Good-bye and God speed, Hope Brady.	neutral
Dr. Drake Remoray	Not so fast Wesley!	anger
Dr. Wesley	Ramoray!	sadness
Dr. Drake Remoray	That’s right Wesley! I just stopped by to say that, you’re not a real doctor! And that woman’s brain, is fine!	anger
Rachel	Oh! Thank God!	joy
Dr. Drake Remoray	Hope! Hope!	joy
Hope	Drake!	joy
Dr. Drake Remoray	You’re not dying Hope, you’re gonna live a long, healthy life. With me.	joy
Hope	Oh Drake.	joy
Rachel	Okay!	joy
Rachel	Here we go!	joy
Rachel	Okay!	joy
Rachel	Hi, Joey!	joy
Rachel	It’s Rachel!	joy
Rachel	Umm, I am free tomorrow night.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, sure, sure I can bring some sandwiches.	neutral

Monica	OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...	neutral
Phoebe	We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...	disgust
Chandler	Men are here.	neutral

Rachel	Mom, would you relax.	sadness
Rachel	That was 10 blocks from here and, the, the woman was walking alone at night, I would never do that.	sadness
Rachel	Mom, c'mon, stop worrying.	fear
Rachel	This is a safe street, this is a safe building, there's nothing	neutral
Stranger	Hi.	neutral
Rachel	Hi, hi can I help you?	joy
Stranger	Yeah, I'm looking for Phoebe, does she still live here?	neutral
Rachel	Uh, no she doesn't but I can, I can get a message to her.	neutral
Stranger	Great. Uhh, just tell her her husband stopped by.	neutral
Rachel	What?	surprise
Stranger	Hey, how, how did you do that?	surprise

Rachel	Alright, somebody.	neutral
Monica	OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.	neutral
All	Whoooaa!	surprise
Ross	That's my sister.	neutral
Joey	OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?	surprise
Ross	Pheebs, what about you?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh... Milwaukee.	neutral
Rachel	Um... Ross?	neutral
Ross	Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'	neutral
All	No way!	surprise
Ross	The ride broke down.	neutral
Ross	So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.	joy
Phoebe	Oh, Rachel.	neutral

Monica	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Oh, is the play over?	neutral
Monica	Yeah. Where were you?	neutral
Hold Voice	Thank you for your patience, you’re the next caller.	neutral
Monica	You were the next caller five hours ago. You must be going crazy.	joy
Phoebe	Nah. I kept myself busy.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, okay, yeah.  I put your stuff in her room, and her stuff in your room.	neutral

Rachel	Well there’s yore. And uh, y’know, yesteryear.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah no, I’m telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff.	neutral
Phoebe	Ross, y’know if you ever decide you need to redecorate—And I think that you should.	neutral
Phoebe	You should, you should ask Rachel to help.	neutral
Rachel	Oh honey he doesn’t need my help.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, come on! I think he’s ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.	joy
Ross	Really?!	surprise
Ross	Hey, y’know what?	surprise
Ross	Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here’s-here’s 60 bucks, why don’t you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.	neutral
Rachel	Y’know what? I don’t, I don’t think Phoebe really wants to come.	joy
Phoebe	No! I do want to!	joy
Rachel	Oh, she does want to.	neutral
Ross	She does want to.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah!	joy

Rick	Wow, you have really pretty feet.	surprise
Phoebe	These old things.	sadness
Rick	Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it’s been killing me today.	anger
Phoebe	You mean the—Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.	neutral
Rick	Yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y’know, real  nice and tight.	neutral
Phoebe	So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.	surprise
Rick	Oh, a 16-hour sit-in for Greenpeace.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh.	neutral
Rick	Ow! Did you just bite me?	surprise
Phoebe	No!	surprise

Phoebe	Um, that's it.	neutral
Phoebe	No.	neutral

Phoebe	Crew guy.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	Why have you been following me?	anger
Phoebe	I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.	neutral
Guy	You wouldn't return my calls, you sent back my letters....	sadness
Phoebe	What?	surprise
Guy	One more chance Ursula, please?	sadness
Joey	Okay.	neutral

Phoebe	Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music.	neutral
Vince	Good deal.	joy

Gunther	Here you go.	neutral
Rachel	Thank you.	neutral
Mark	Hi!	joy
Rachel	Hi! All right, let’s go shoppin’!!	joy
Mark	Um, y'know, before we go ah, there’s something I need to say.	fear
Rachel	Oh, okay.	neutral
Mark	I’ve kinda of had this ah, this crush on you.	fear
Mark	But since you were with Ross, I-I didn’t do anything about it.	joy
Mark	But, now that you’re not, I’d really like to ask you out sometime.	fear
Mark	So-so that’s-that’s what I’m doing, now.	fear
Rachel	Wow! Umm....	surprise
Gunther	I dropped a cup.	neutral

Phoebe	Hello, tiny embryos.	neutral
Phoebe	Well, I’m-I’m Phoebe Buffay, hi!	joy
Phoebe	I’m-I’m-I’m hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months.	joy
Phoebe	You should know, that we’re doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you’ve been there!	joy
Phoebe	Umm, y’know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on.	joy
Phoebe	Okay, and-and I promise that I’ll keep you safe and warm until you’re ready to have them take you home, so… Oh!	joy
Phoebe	And also, umm next time you see me, I’m screaming, don’t worry, that’s what’s supposed to happen.	neutral
Dr. Zane	Ready?	neutral
Phoebe	Uh-huh.  Good luck.	sadness

Ross	Then we have to await the data from recent MRI scans and DNA testing which call into question information gathered from years of simple carbon dating.	neutral
Rachel	Look at that woman sitting by the pool getting tan... so leathery and wrinkled, I'm so	sadness

Man	I'm not your brother.	neutral
Phoebe/Waitress	What about my children Drake?! Huh!?  No!! No!! No! God!	anger

Nurse	Why don’t we try massaging the breast to stimulate the flow.	neutral
Joey	Are you kidding me?!	anger
Rachel	It’s just so frustrating! Why doesn’t she want my breast?!	anger
Joey	I don’t know! Maybe she’s crazy!	anger

Janine	Hey Joey, I got some beer for you.	neutral
Joey	Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"	neutral
Janine	Sure, listen I was gonna order some pizza, you wanna share one?	neutral
Joey	Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.	neutral
Janine	Is there something wrong?	neutral
Joey	All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay?	neutral
Joey	You're hot.	neutral
Joey	I'm lovable.	neutral
Joey	Clearly there's a vibe going on between us.	neutral
Joey	But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.	neutral
Janine	Joey...	neutral

Monica	Oh no it’s not, no it’s not. It’s a first date. I’m	fear
Chandler	Ho-oh, he’s gonna get some!	joy
Chandler	Of the glare from the streetlight out of his apartment.	neutral
Chandler	Y’know so umm, he’s closed the drapes there so he can have a nice, pleasant conversation with your little sister.	neutral
Chandler	Well, I’m off to bed!	neutral

Katie	You were so funny with that waiter! You're such a nut!	joy
Joey	Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.	joy
Katie	No, you make them funny. You're the funny one!	joy
Joey	Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk.	fear
Joey	Okay?	neutral
Joey	Umm, look I like you.	fear
Joey	I-I really do, I like you a lot.	fear
Joey	Okay?	anger
Joey	But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very	joy
Katie	Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size!	surprise

Rachel	Oh, Joey! Sorry!	surprise

Rachel	They made you head of the department!	joy
Ross	No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes!  Why didn’t I get head of the department?	joy
Joey	Oh! Hey Rach, listen umm	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Joey	I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?	neutral
Rachel	Uh, Paul’s Café. They got great food and it’s really romantic.	neutral
Joey	Ooh, great! Thanks!	joy
Rachel	Yeah! Oh, and then afterwards you can take her to the	neutral
Joey	You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I’ll tell ya	neutral
Rachel	Ooh, I miss dating.	sadness
Rachel	Gettin’ all dressed up and going to a fancy restaurant.	neutral
Rachel	I’m not gonna be able to do that for so long, and it’s so much fun!	joy
Rachel	I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not fun.	neutral
Joey	Hey, y’know what?	neutral
Rachel	Huh?	neutral
Joey	Why don’t I take you out?	neutral
Rachel	What?! Joey, you don’t want to go on a date with a pregnant lady.	surprise
Joey	Yes I do!	joy
Joey	And we’re gonna go out, we’re gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out	joy
Rachel	Okay! I’ll go with ya! I’ll go! I’ll go with ya.	joy
Joey	I’ll be fun.	neutral
Rachel	All right?	neutral

Rachel	Hi!	joy
Joey	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Joey, I gotta tell ya, I've been thinking	neutral
Joey	Oh, you know, the writing was good, and the director is good,    and... and my co-star's good	joy
Rachel	God, you have to tell me what happens tomorrow!	joy
Joey	Ow, I'm just going over the script now! You wanna read lines with    me?	surprise
Rachel	Me? Oh, no, I am not an actress.	disgust
Joey	Oh, all right, I can ask Monica.	neutral
Rachel	Oh screw her, that part is mine!	anger
Joey	Right...  ok, so just from the top of the page, right here.	neutral
Rachel	Okay. . Hello Drake, I'm surprised to see you    here.	surprise
Joey/Drake	I can't believe you married him.	surprise
Rachel/actress	But what choice did I have. He was keeping my sister    in a	anger
Joey/Drake	So what about us? Everything we feel for each other.	sadness
Rachel/actress	It's over! You	joy
Joey/Drake	How can I?	surprise
Joey/Drake	Knowing I'll never hold you in my arms again,    or touch your skin, or feel your lips, knowing I'll never make love to you?	sadness
Joey/Drake	How can I accept that...	sadness
Joey/Drake	I can never kiss you again when it's all I can do not    to kiss you right now.	sadness
Rachel	Kiss me.	joy
Joey	What?	surprise

Phoebe	Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?	joy
Joey	The bigger half.	neutral
Chandler	I'd like to propose a toast.	joy
Chandler	Little toast here, ding ding.	joy
Chandler	I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting.	joy
Chandler	Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know?	anger
Chandler	So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.	joy
All	That's so sweet.	joy
Ross	And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.	joy
Rachel	And a crappy New Year.	joy
Chandler	Here, here!	joy

Ross	Now, hold on!	anger
Ross	Hold on!	anger
Ross	Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I’m gonna be at that airport and I hope that she’ll be there too!	anger
Ross	Oh yeah, I said Rachel’s name, but it didn’t mean anything, Okay?	anger
Ross	She’s-she’s just a friend and that’s all!	anger
Ross	That’s all!	sadness
Ross	Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can’t imagine spending my life with anyone else.	anger
Ross	Please, promise me that you’ll tell her that.	sadness
Mr. Waltham	All right, I’ll tell her.  Come on bugger face!	anger
Mrs. Waltham	Call me.	neutral
Mr. Waltham	You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don’t you ever go out the bloody window!	anger

Ross	What happened?!!	surprise
Joey	Well, I don’t know!!	surprise
Ross	We fell asleep! That is all.	neutral
Joey	Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I’d better go.	neutral
Ross	I think that would be best.	neutral
Joey	Yeah. All right, I’ll talk to you later.	neutral
Ross	Okay. But not about this!	anger
Joey	No! Never! Never!  Bye.	anger
Ross	No touch! No touch!	neutral

Chandler	Umm ma’am, do you have a minute?  I kind of have some bad news. I don’t think I can move to Tulsa.	sadness
Ms. McKenna	What?	surprise
Chandler	It’s a funny story, actually.	neutral
Chandler	I kind of fell asleep  in the meeting this morning so when I said I’d move to Tulsa, I didn’t really  know what I was saying.	neutral
Ms. McKenna	You fell asleep?	surprise
Chandler	But only because I was up all night worried about this  meeting, ain’t that funny?	fear
Chandler	Irony?	surprise
Chandler	Not a fan, alright .	neutral
Chandler	See, here’s  the thing.	neutral
Chandler	I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won’t go.	neutral
Chandler	See, me, I  love Tulsa!	joy
Chandler	Tulsa is heaven!	joy
Chandler	Tulsa is Italy—Please don’t make me go  there!	fear
Ms. McKenna	Chandler, I…	joy
Chandler	No no no!	fear
Chandler	Look, Carol, can I call you Carol?	neutral
Chandler	Wh-why  would I when your name is Elaine?	joy
Chandler	Oh what a great picture of your son,  strapping!	joy
Chandler	That’s a picture of your daughter, isn’t it,  well she’s lovely.	joy
Chandler	I like a girl with a strong jaw.	sadness
Chandler	I’ll call you from Tulsa.	neutral

Monica	Hi.	neutral
Fake Monica	Hey.	neutral
Monica	How are you?	neutral
Fake Monica	I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?	neutral
Monica	Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using.	neutral
Fake Monica	That I was not expecting.	surprise
Monica	I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.	neutral
Fake Monica	Oh. Thanks.	neutral
Monica	No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing	joy
Fake Monica	Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.	neutral
Monica	I just can't believe you're in here.	surprise
Monica	I mean, what am I gonna do without you?	sadness
Monica	Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me?	sadness
Monica	Who's gonna take me to the	sadness

Rachel	Uh... Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.	disgust
Mindy	What do you mean?	neutral
Rachel	Smell familiar?	neutral
Mindy	Oh no.	fear
Rachel	Oh, I am so sorry.	sadness
Mindy	No me, I am so sorry...	sadness
Joey	Oh my.	surprise

Ross	Well, there's no way I'm gonna get a shot.	fear
Ross	Maybe they can take the needle and thquirt it into my mouth, you know, like a thquirt gun.	fear
Monica	Doctor, can I see you for just a minute please? My brother has a slight phobia about needles.	neutral
Ross	Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?	neutral
Monica	My brother, the PhD would like to know if there's any way to treat this orally.	neutral
Doctor	No, under these circumstances it has to be an injection, and it has to be now.	neutral
Ross	Tho?	neutral

Ross	Ohhh.	fear
Monica	That's good, have a seat.	neutral

Monica	Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle.	neutral
Monica	You're just gonna have to be brave, ok?	neutral
Monica	Can you do that for me?	neutral
Ross	Ok.	neutral
Monica	Ok. Oh boy. You are doin' so good. You wanna squeeze my hand?	neutral
Ross	Yes!	fear
Monica	All right, Ross, don't squeeze it so hard.	neutral
Monica	Honey, really, don't squeeze it so hard!	anger
Monica	Let go of my hand!	anger

Ross	You’re gonna love me so much. I got Sting tickets!!	joy
Phoebe	Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!	joy
Ross	Well…let’s just say	neutral
Phoebe	Oo, where are the seats?	joy
Ross	Uh, middle balcony.	neutral

Boy in the Cape	You’re a mean old woman.	anger
Rachel	No! Wait no! Shut up—I mean don’t cry! Let me get my checkbook!	sadness
Monica	Look honey, you don’t have to do this, okay?	surprise
Monica	It’s the strength you have inside that means the most to me.	joy
Monica	You’re loyal, you’re honest, and you have integrity!	joy
Monica	That’s the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!	joy
Chandler	That means nothing to me.  Come on!	anger

Rachel	Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger.	fear
Mr. Treeger	: What are you doing?	neutral
Rachel	Ummm. Oh! I’m sorry.  It’s a little old but	joy
Mr. Treeger	: No! You’re clogging up the chute that I spent a half-hour unclogging!	anger
Rachel	I’m sorry. I didn’t—I don’t come in here a lot.	sadness
Mr. Treeger	: Oh yeah, of course you don’t!	anger
Mr. Treeger	: ‘Cause you’re a little princess! "Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of	disgust
Mr. Treeger	: You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh?	anger
Mr. Treeger	Well, why don’t think of someone else for a change?	anger
Rachel	Okay, I’m sorry.	sadness

Ross	Hello!	joy
Ross	What's this?	neutral
Ross	Oh right its that girl's phone number.	neutral
Ross	Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me.	joy
Ross	It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa!	surprise
Ross	Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby!	joy
Ross	Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it.	anger
Phoebe	Thank you.	neutral

Monica	I don’t know how any of these got opened?!	surprise
Joey	You opened them all?	surprise
Monica	I know! I know! I am a terrible person! I mean, Chandler is never going to trust me with anything ever again!	joy
Joey	Oh hey! You got my parent’s gift!	joy
Monica	Yeah. What is that?	neutral
Joey	Well, I don’t know. I think it does something to salami.	sadness
Monica	Hey! How’d it go?	sadness
Joey	Yeah. What-what did Tag say?	neutral
Rachel	Tag is not the father! And Joey knows now?	sadness
Joey	I do Rach. I do, and I so happy for you.	joy
Rachel	Oh wow, you didn’t even try to unhook my bra!	surprise
Monica	So are you ever gonna tell whoever it is?	neutral
Rachel	No, I will. I’m just not up for it tonight.	neutral
Joey	Hey Rach listen, no matter what this guy says I want you to know you’re not gonna be alone in this.	joy
Rachel	I’m not?	surprise
Joey	Listen I uh…  It’s a scary world out there especially if you’re a single mom.	fear
Joey	Y’know, I always felt like you and I have this-this special bond.	neutral
Joey	So,  Rachel Green will you marry me?	joy

Rachel	Thank you.	neutral
Joey	If I can’t have it you can’t have it!	anger

Monica	I can’t believe her, y’know it’s just—it’s so typical.	disgust
Chandler	Now Monica, I know you’re upset, but don’t forget.	neutral
Chandler	There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and	neutral
Monica	Paris?	neutral
Chandler	We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .	neutral
Monica	Keep talking.	neutral
Chandler	Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it’s romantic, but because I can!	joy
Monica	I love you!	joy

Joey	Yes!	joy
Joey	I win again!	joy
Joey	Ha-ha!	joy
Joey	That’s like 500 bucks you owe me!	joy
Joey	Whoo-ho-hoo!	joy
Joey	$500 that is a loooot of electricity!	joy
Joey	Whoo-ho-ho!	joy
Joey	I gotta buy some food.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.	neutral
Joey	You serious?	surprise
Chandler	Oh yes!	anger
Joey	Okay, get ready to owe me!	joy
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Joey	Okay, here we go. Ready?	neutral
Chandler	No! No! No! No——one can beat me.	anger
Chandler	See? Now, that’s why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.	fear

Monica	Who is that?!	surprise
Chandler	Don’t worry, I’m brave!	sadness
Chandler	I am brave!	fear
Chandler	I…I am brave!	fear
Chandler	No-no-no-no!!	fear
Chandler	Can you tell me who is there please?	neutral
Gary	Hi!	joy
Monica	Hi. Do you know what time it is?	neutral
Gary	It’s candy time! My roommate says that they taste like little drops of heaven.	joy
Monica	Oh please!  Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.	joy
Chandler	4:00 A.M.	neutral
Gary	So, can I get some candy?	neutral
Chandler	I am sorry, but some of us have to	neutral
Monica	Umm, listen I am sorry, but I’ll put some out first thing in the morning.	sadness
Gary	Well okay, I’ll swing by later. Do you live in this building?	neutral
Monica	Um-hmm.	neutral
Gary	Mm! Seems like I would’ve remembered you!	surprise
Chandler	Mm! Night Gar’!	neutral

Joey	Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy’s hammered!	joy
The Director	I’m sorry Joey, as long as he’s here and he’s conscious we’re still shooting.	neutral
Richard	You wouldn’t happen to have a very big fork?	neutral
Joey	So I uh, I just talked to the director. That’s it, we’re done for the day.	neutral
Richard	Well have we finished the scene?	surprise
Joey	Yeah! You…you were wonderful.	joy
Richard	As were you.	neutral
Joey	So I got your car, it’s right outside.	neutral
Richard	Oh, thank you. You’re welcome.	joy
Joey	No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on!  Here we go.	fear
Richard	Is that my ass?	joy

Monica	What about these? These look the same?	neutral
Phoebe	Definitely!	joy
Monica	Not as each other!	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, then no.	neutral
Chandler	Hey!	joy
Monica	Hi!	anger
Chandler	You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.	joy
Monica	Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.	joy
Chandler	Let me see the earrings.	neutral
Monica	Oh, honey, the earrings	neutral
Chandler	They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?	joy
Monica	My boyfriend really does have good taste!	joy
Chandler	Thanks for picking out the earrings man.	neutral
Ross	Mm-Hm	neutral

Monica	I know that there’s no hole there, I just really liked that picture.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God! Look at this!	surprise
Monica	Okay, but there	neutral
Rachel	I don’t care! The wires have come loose in your head!	anger
Monica	I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.	neutral
Rachel	And did you?!	sadness
Monica	No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs.	neutral
Monica	But it didn’t. Say hello to Mrs. Chatracus.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God.	surprise
Mrs. Chatracus	Hello darling.	neutral
Rachel	Hello, Mrs. Chatracus.	neutral

Ross	Okay, is everybody clear? We’re gonna pick it up…and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We’re gonna	neutral
Rachel	Ross, I really don’t think	neutral
Ross	Lift!! And slide!	joy
Chandler	Okay, here we go.	neutral
Ross	All right everyone, lift!  And slide!!	joy

Joey	All right Carl, we’re next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?	neutral
Carl	Another	neutral
Joey	That’s right! And what are you not gonna do?	neutral
Carl	Well, I’m not gonna talk because	neutral

Monica	I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but	sadness
Janice	Oh?my Gawd, I-I understand.	sadness
Janice	I-I am so sorry, I’ll go.	sadness
Janice	Good-bye Monica , I wish you a lifetime of happiness with him.	sadness
Janice	Chandler,  you call me when this goes in the pooper.	neutral

Joey	I found my identical hand twin!	joy
Phoebe	Ohh, you are	neutral
Chandler	No!	neutral
Phoebe	But she just came up here!	surprise
Chandler	That was Joey!	neutral
Phoebe	I wonder where she is. That is so weird.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.	neutral
Phoebe	Would you stop that!	anger
Phoebe	Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard?	neutral
Phoebe	She didn't feel anything for him.	neutral
Phoebe	She loves you!	sadness
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Phoebe	Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.	anger
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Phoebe	Good.  I should really start wearing hats!	neutral

Monica	I mean, why should I let them meet him?	neutral
Monica	I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him.	disgust
Monica	I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.	joy
Paula	Listen.	neutral
Paula	As someone who's seen more than her fair share of bad beef, I'll tell you: that is not such a terrible thing.	neutral
Paula	I mean, they're your friends, they're just looking out after you.	neutral
Monica	I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.	sadness
Paula	Well, you do realise the odds of that happening are a little slimmer if they never get to meet the guy..	neutral

Chandler	No-no-no-no.  Hey!	surprise
Phoebe	Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.	neutral
Monica	Hey sweetie.	neutral
Chandler	Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?	neutral
Monica	I can’t tell you. It’s a secret.	neutral
Chandler	Secret? Married people aren’t supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.	anger
Monica	Awww.  But still no.	neutral
Chandler	No I’m serious, we should tell each other	neutral
Monica	Really? Okay, so why don’t you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at	neutral
Chandler	Oh no-no, I can’t do that.	fear
Monica	If you tell me, I’ll tell you what Phoebe said.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	So, Ross and I are going to	neutral
Monica	Oh my God. He threw up?	disgust
Chandler	No, he visited a little town south of throw up.  So what was Phoebe’s secret?	neutral
Monica	Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe’s old massage place is getting fired.	neutral
Chandler	That’s it?! I gave up my	joy
Monica	That’s right! You lose sucker!!  Please still marry me.	joy

Phoebe	Oh hey! How was your audition?	joy
Joey	I’m sorry, do I know you?	neutral
Phoebe	What are you doing?	neutral
Joey	Nothing, I’m just practicing blowing you off because I’m gonna be a big movie star!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh! You got it?!	sadness
Joey	Well no, not yet. But the audition went really good.	joy
Monica	What was it for?	neutral
Joey	Oh, it’s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century.	neutral
Joey	It’s really classy!	joy
Joey	Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next next Martin Scorcese.	joy
Phoebe	The next next?	neutral
Joey	Yeah, there’s this guy from Chicago who’s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right?	neutral
Joey	But then this guy’s right after him.	neutral
Joey	Hello!	joy
Joey	They loved me!	joy
Joey	Oh my God!	joy
Joey	Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it!  Oh.  Uh, okay uh let me call you back.	surprise
Phoebe	What’s the matter?	neutral
Joey	They want me to be totally naked in the movie!	surprise
Monica	Wow!	surprise
Joey	I know! My grandmother’s gonna see this!	joy
Phoebe	Grandma’s gonna have to get in line.	joy

Elizabeth	Oh please! It was such a big class! You never even noticed me!	joy
Ross	What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.	surprise
Elizabeth	Who?	neutral
Ross	Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone’s name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames.	neutral
Ross	Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.	neutral
Elizabeth	Oh yeah. So umm, did you have a nickname for me?	neutral
Ross	Umm, no. No.	neutral
Elizabeth	Yes you did! What was it?	surprise
Ross	Umm, it’s Cutie McPretty.	neutral
Elizabeth	Ohh that’s so sweet!	joy
Ross	Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I’m having a great time!	joy
Ross	Y’know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it’s not.	surprise
Ross	I mean it’s not at all.	neutral
Burt	Dr. Geller!	joy
Ross	Burt!	joy

Phoebe	Okay, so we got some more good rejections, lots of stuff to work on.	neutral
Joey	Okay, shoot.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, um, oh, the zoo commercial.	neutral
Joey	I didn't get it?	neutral
Phoebe	No. They said you 'Weren't believable as a human being.' So, you can work on that.	joy
Joey	Okay, what else?	neutral
Phoebe	Um, the off-Broadway play people said 'You were pretty but dumb.'	neutral
Joey	Oh.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh no wait, I'm sorry, that's 'pretty dumb.'	neutral

All	Hey.	neutral
Ross	How's the maniac?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, well he's yummy. We did a little kissin'.	joy
Rachel	Phoebe, what are you doing?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, no, no, no, no. You know what, he's not into that stuff anymore. He quit for me.	neutral
Rachel	Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.	disgust
Phoebe	Look, he gave me his night vision goggles and everything.	joy
Ross	You're taking the word of a guy who has night vision goggles?	surprise
Phoebe	What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?	surprise
Chandler	Pheebs, wake up and smell the restraining order.	disgust
Phoebe	What are you saying I should do?	neutral
Monica	I think, that if you really like this guy, you should just trust him.	neutral
Phoebe	Thank you, Monica.	joy
Joey	Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.	neutral
Monica	Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.	surprise

Monica	Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!	joy
Phoebe	Ooh, let’s see it!	joy

Joey	She’s not crazy is she?	surprise
Monica	No.	neutral
Joey	So uh, how you doin’?	neutral

Chandler	There he is!	joy
Monica	There’s our star!	joy
Joey	So, so, what’d ya think?	neutral
Chandler	Almost as good as that play with the two naked girls on the see-saw.	joy
Joey	I-I wasn’t in that.	sadness

Phoebe	Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.	neutral
Monica	So then you know?	joy
Phoebe	The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.	neutral
Monica	Oh, good. Thanks.	neutral
Phoebe	Now what is Fabutec?	neutral
Monica	Okay, all right don’t judge me to much.	fear
Monica	Okay?	neutral
Monica	Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop.	neutral
Monica	But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....	joy
Phoebe	Oh, it’s incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.	joy
Monica	I know!!	joy
Phoebe	God. Do think it really doesn’t hurt? ‘Cause how can they do that?	fear
Monica	Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!	joy
Phoebe	They have the best stuff in there.	neutral

Woman	Comin' through. Move, move.	anger
Rachel	Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.	joy
Woman	Yeah, well, now you're kinda not.	disgust
Rachel	But I saved it. I put my basket on top.	anger
Woman	Oh, I'm sorry, is that your basket? It's really pretty. Unfortunately, I don't see suds.	anger
Rachel	What?	surprise
Woman	No suds, no save. Ok?	anger
Ross	What's goin' on?	neutral
Rachel	Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.	disgust
Ross	Was your basket on top?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, but, there were no suds.	neutral
Ross	So?	neutral
Rachel	Well, you know, no suds, no save.	neutral
Ross	No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second.  That's my friend's machine.	anger
Woman	Hey, hey, hey, her stuff wasn't in it.	neutral
Ross	Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it.	anger

Phoebe	Cause it's good money! But that doesn't change the fact that    this is an evil blood sucking corporate machine!	anger
Receptionist	Well, I think this is a great place to work!	joy
Phoebe	Ok, are they listening?	anger

Chandler	Varrrrrroom!	joy
Chandler	Hey!	joy
Chandler	Watch it lady!	anger
Chandler	Varrrrrrrrrrom!	joy
Chandler	Hey-hey good lookin’!	joy
Chandler	Varrrrrrrrroom.	joy
Chandler	All right, I’ll leave.	sadness
Chandler	My bed’s so boring.	sadness

Rachel	Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I’m doing something I actually care about.	anger
Rachel	This is the first time in my life I’m doing something that I’m actually good at.	anger
Rachel	I mean.	neutral
Rachel	if you don’t get that...	anger
Ross	No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time.	anger
Ross	And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine!	anger
Ross	Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.	sadness
Rachel	Well neither do I!	joy

Ross	Hey!	anger
Ross	I’m sorry I’m late, did I miss anything?	neutral
Phoebe	Joey stuffing 15	neutral
Ross	15?  Your personal best! (Ross takes an	surprise
Phoebe	Where were you?	neutral
Ross	Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, which museum?	neutral
Phoebe	No, answer his.	neutral
Ross	Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she’d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars.	joy
Ross	She was totally at my mercy.	joy
Chandler	Were you so late because you were burring this woman?	sadness
Ross	No, I’m getting back down ‘cause she lives in Poughkeepsie.	neutral
Ross	She seems really great, but she’s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.	joy
Chandler	How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would’ve killed in Albany.	anger
Joey	Done! I did it! Heh, who’s stupid now?	joy

Monica	No, there is no way! It can	joy
Chandler	Why is your family	neutral
Monica	He cannot play at our wedding!	anger
Monica	I mean everyone will leave!	anger
Monica	I mean come on, that is just noise!	anger
Monica	It’s not even a song!	anger
Chandler	If you listen very carefully, I think its	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!	surprise
Monica	So do you think that these pictures—Are, are they trying to tell a story?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, yeah, sure.	neutral
Rachel	I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she’s crying out, ‘Where are they, where are they?’	neutral
Monica	Well, she’s not going to find them lying in the grass like that.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over?	joy
Monica	Yeah.	neutral
Rachel	You see, now, I would date this girl.	neutral
Rachel	She’s cute, she’s outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire.	neutral
Rachel	I mean, that’s got to come in handy	neutral
Monica	Okay, I’ve got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?	neutral
Rachel	I don’t know.	neutral
Monica	Me neither.	neutral
Phoebe	Rachel.	neutral
Monica	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	I don’t know.  Me neither.	neutral

Monica	Look, I wanted to tell I’m-I’m sorry you lost.	sadness
Chandler	Listen, I’ve got a secret for ya. I let him win.	neutral
Monica	Is that a secret or a lie.	anger
Chandler	No, I let him win—Ross!	neutral
Ross	Yeah?	surprise
Chandler	Would you tell her I let you win please?	anger
Ross	Oh. Yeah.  Uh Chandler	neutral
Chandler	I am strong! I’ll show you!	anger
Monica	Chandler please!	disgust
Chandler	Oh what’s the matter? Are you scared?	anger
Monica	Let’s go big bunny!	anger
Chandler	Okay. 1…2…3—Go!   I’m gonna kill myself!	neutral

Joey	Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?	neutral
Ross	Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten	surprise
Joey	Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.	surprise
Ross	Also an island.	neutral
Joey	Hey, what time is it?	neutral
Ross	2:17.	neutral
Joey	Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?	surprise
Ross	Are you serious?!	surprise
Joey	Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.	neutral
Ross	Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!	surprise
Joey	Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal!  Yeah, my pants are a little loose!	anger
Rachel	Hey, you guys	neutral
Joey	Hey!	joy

Ursula	Who is it?	neutral
Phoebe	It’s Phoebe! Phoebe!	joy
Ursula	Hey!	joy

Phoebe	Oh God. So-so you’re making porn movies.	surprise

Ursula	No I’m not.	anger
Phoebe	You’re making one right now!	anger
Phoebe	And-	neutral
Ursula	Yeah, can I help you with something?	neutral
Phoebe	Look, I’m talking right now! You’re—you mean her.	joy
Ursula	Y’know, twin stuff is always a real big seller.	neutral
Phoebe	What?!	surprise
Ursula	Yeah, I can talk them into giving you like, 30 dollars.	neutral
Phoebe	No!!	disgust
Phoebe	And stop using my name!	anger
Phoebe	And shame on you!	disgust
Phoebe	And shame on all of you!	disgust
Phoebe	You’re disgusting!	disgust
Phoebe	Especially you  with that!	disgust

Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Hi Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	Are you moving out?	neutral
Rachel	No, these aren't all my suitcases.  This one's Paolo's.	neutral
Phoebe	Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?	neutral
Rachel	Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh!  Ok, um, ok, um,	fear
Rachel	Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...	joy
Phoebe	Ok, um,  we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me.	neutral
Phoebe	One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.	neutral
Rachel	Ok, thanks Pheebs  Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies	neutral
Rachel	All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.	surprise
Phoebe	Which proves that I never lie.	neutral
Rachel	I guess you don't.	neutral
Phoebe	Paolo made a pass at me.	sadness

Monica	I’m so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.	fear
Chandler	I’m not freaking out.	neutral
Chandler	Why would I be freaking out?	neutral
Chandler	A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday.	neutral
Monica	Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun!	anger
Monica	I mean, what’s the harm in that?	neutral
Chandler	Right here!	sadness
Monica	Chandler, please don’t think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel	anger
Chandler	Phoebe and Rachel!	anger
Chandler	So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!	sadness
Monica	It was a mistake. Please don’t take this to mean anything, because it doesn’t.	sadness
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Monica	Really?	joy
Chandler	Yes, if it really doesn’t mean anything, because you know that I’m just not ready	neutral
Monica	I know! I know.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral
Monica	I’m gonna go tell Joey that  that you’re back. I was really worried about you.	anger
Phoebe	Hey, did she buy it?	neutral
Chandler	Totally.	neutral
Phoebe	So did Heldi show you the place?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, it’s beautiful.	neutral
Phoebe	I can’t believe you’re gonna ask Monica to marry you!	joy
Chandler	I know.	neutral

Rachel	Okay look, I have an idea.	neutral
Rachel	Why don’t we, why don’t we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him.	neutral
Rachel	And then whoever does gets the phone.	neutral
Rachel	All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.	sadness
Rachel	Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.	sadness
Phoebe	Did I use that already today? I’m sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Joe.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, I win! He’s got	joy
Phoebe	So you don’t know that’s	neutral
Rachel	His new girlfriend!	surprise

Monica	I can’t believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?	surprise
Chandler	I don’t know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding.	sadness
Chandler	She’s saving the rest for her divorce.	anger
Chandler	And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to	neutral
Rachel	Well what happened at dinner?	neutral
Monica	My parents spent the money for our wedding!	anger
Phoebe	My God! What did you order?!	surprise
Rachel	Wait, but there’s no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!	sadness
Chandler	Honey, it’s gonna be okay.	neutral
Monica	No! No it’s not! It’s not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!	sadness
Rachel	No, y’know what?	neutral
Rachel	It’s gonna be okay.	neutral
Rachel	I mean you don’t have to have this rustic Italian feast.	neutral
Rachel	Y’know?	neutral
Rachel	And-and you don’t need, you don’t need this custom-made, empire-waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack.	neutral

Older Scientist	Dr. Geller, there’s a seat over here.	neutral
Ross	Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I’m having my lunch at this table, here in the middle.	neutral
Ross	I’m having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he’ll sit with me.	neutral
Joey	I will sit with you Dr. Geller.	neutral
Ross	Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch.	neutral
Ross	Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y’know what I see, I see-I see division.	sadness
Ross	Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!"	fear
Ross	Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath.	neutral
Ross	I’m Ross!	joy
Ross	I’m divorced, and I have a kid!	joy
Joey	I’m Joey! I’m an actor! I don’t know squat about dinosaurs!	joy
Another Tour Guide	I’m Ted, and I just moved here a month ago, and New York really scares me.	anger
Ross	All right, there you go!	joy
Joey	Yeah, you hang in there Teddy!	anger
Older Scientist	I’m Andrew, and I didn’t pay for this pear.	neutral
Ross	Okay, good-good for you.	joy
Tour Guide	I’m Rhonda,  and these aren’t real!	neutral
Ross	Wow, Rhonda.	surprise
Another Scientist	I’m Scott.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, okay, Scott!	neutral
Another Scientist	And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.	fear

Doug	So thanks for the warm welcome.	neutral
Doug	It’s good to have you guys on my team, and I come to play.	joy
Doug	I hope you do too.	neutral
Doug	Now, let’s go out there and get ‘em!	joy
Doug	And remember, there is no ‘I’ in team.	neutral
Chandler	Yes, but there’s two in martini, soo everybody	joy
Doug	You! Chuckles! What’s your name?	neutral
Chandler	Oh it’s Bing, sir. I’m sorry , I was just ah...	fear
Doug	No-no, I heard what you said, funny.	neutral
Doug	I like funny.	joy
Doug	This team is about hard work, but it’s also about having fun.	joy
Doug	Good to have you aboard Bing!	joy

Phoebe	Yeah. You won't be able to take it.	neutral
Chandler	So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?	neutral
Phoebe	They're gonna call her Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?	neutral
Phoebe	Works on you.	neutral

Ross	Oh, that is so sweet.	joy
Ross	No, no, ok, you hang up.	joy
Ross	Ok, ok, one, two, three.	joy
Ross	Well you didn't hang up either.	joy
Rachel	She didn't hang up either...	joy
Ross	Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y—	joy

Rachel	Ross, hi, it's Rachel.	neutral
Rachel	I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your	neutral
Ross	Rach, I got a message from you.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God.	surprise
Rachel	Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the.	sadness
Ross	You're over me?	surprise
Rachel	Ohhhhhhhh God.	surprise
Ross	Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?	surprise
Rachel	Ohh, ohh.	sadness
Ross	When, when were you... under me?	surprise
Rachel	Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.	neutral
Ross	OK, I need to lie down.	surprise

Joey	Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!	joy
Ross	Really? That's great!	joy
Joey	I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her	joy
Carol	(noticing a kid who has picked up a copy of	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks,	joy
Ross	Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one.	joy
Ross	Ben is way cuter than that kid.	joy
Ross	I mean look at him, look at you,	disgust
Joey	That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?	neutral
Ross	Joey, you look nothing like Ben.	neutral
Joey	I look more like him than you do!	anger
Carol	Y'know, I don't really know you well enough for you to do that.	joy

Monica	That really was some of your best work.	joy
Chandler	Hm-hmm, I told you!  I can’t believe that I’ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work.	neutral
Monica	I have to be up in seven minutes.	neutral
Chandler	Well, you’re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes	neutral
Monica	Really?!	surprise
Chandler	Do you wanna?	neutral
Monica	Okay! You get the vacuum cleaner and I’ll get the furniture polish!	joy

Kristen	Oh okay. But y’know what? Be careful. Because a guy who was helping me before had to leave because he hurt his back.	neutral
Joey	Boyfriend?	surprise
Kristen	No.	neutral
Joey	I’m Joey.	neutral
Kristen	Kristen.	neutral
Joey	Oh wow, what a beautiful name!  What is it again?	joy
Kristen	Kristen.	neutral
Joey	Got it!  So	neutral
Kristen	So uh, do you live around here?	neutral
Joey	Yeah!	neutral
Joey	Yeah!	joy
Joey	Right down there.	neutral
Joey	Hey listen.. let me give you a little tip.	neutral
Joey	Do not take a nap on this stoop  or you can wake up with your shoes gone.	joy
Kristen	I’ll remember that.	neutral
Joey	Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me tonight?	neutral
Kristen	Oh I, I have plans tonight.	neutral
Kristen	But how about tomorrow?	neutral
Joey	Sounds great! Okay, alright, well where does this go?	joy
Kristen	You look strong, why don’t I take that and you grab one of the boxes.	neutral
Joey	Okay. Yeah.  Yeah, I’ll grab this one.	neutral

Phoebe	Hey.	neutral
Phoebe	Listen, um...	neutral
Phoebe	I'm sorry.	sadness
Phoebe	: Yeah, um...  You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin'	neutral
Phoebe	That's right, I don't... But I was, I was drunk on you!	sadness
Phoebe	Okay, yeah, so it's not gonna work.	neutral
Phoebe	If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?	neutral
Phoebe	Um, then yes, it's 'cause of Phoebe! So, you know, it's either her or me.	anger
Phoebe	You know...  You're gonna be really, really hard to get over.	sadness

Ross	By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, hello liar.	anger
Ross	Look, I-I’m really sorry I let go of the bike.	sadness
Phoebe	I could’ve been killed I hope you know!	anger
Ross	I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were	sadness
Phoebe	Well, I would love to but…the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects.	joy
Ross	Phoebe.	neutral
Phoebe	What?!  What the hell?!	anger
Ross	All right, y’know what?	anger
Ross	If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I’m sorry, I’m just gonna have to take it back.	anger
Phoebe	What?! Why?!	surprise
Ross	Because! Because, it-it-it’s… It’d be like you having this guitar  and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar	anger
Phoebe	All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.	anger
Ross	Great! Great!  You’re making the bike very happy.	joy
Phoebe	Okay Ross!  Please don’t die!	anger

Mona	How could you have kept all of this from me?	fear
Ross	I was going to tell you, but	neutral
Dr. Green	But what?! You figured you’d get what you wanted and then dump her like you dumped Rachel!	anger
Ross	Hey! I did not dump Rachel!  Nor are we still together.  Can I just…  Why don’t we just let the machine get that?	anger
Joey	Hey Ross. It’s Joey. There’s a hooker over here and we thought maybe you’d know something about it.	neutral
Ross	No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I—I need to, I need to lie down.	neutral

Joey	Everything on your application looks really good—Ohh!	joy
Joey	Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out?	anger
The Potential Roommate	Oh don’t worry, I’m not really a party girl.	neutral
Joey	Whoa!! Now look, don’t be just blurtin’ stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?	joy
Chandler	You can call off the roommate search!  Hi! I’ll be living here.	joy
Joey	Oh don’t listen to him, he’s just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don’t think he’s gonna get it.	sadness
Chandler	Why did you take the shower curtain down?	surprise
Joey	That thing was a hazard!  I’m very safety conscious.	fear

Joey	Hi.	neutral
Chandler	Hey man, how did the audition go?	neutral
Joey	Estelle said I didn't get it.	sadness
Rachel	What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!	surprise
Joey	Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.	joy

Ross	No!	surprise
Ross	For all I know, she’s trying to find me but couldn’t because I kept moving around.	neutral
Ross	No, from now on, I’m staying in one place.	neutral
Ross	Right here.	neutral
Monica	Well, it’s getting late.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, we’re gonna go.	neutral
Ross	Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?	neutral
Monica	Ugh, y’know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, it’s a very large plane.	neutral
Ross	That’s cool.	neutral
Chandler	But, we’ll stay here with you.	neutral
Ross	Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y’know, but you don’t have to rub my butt.	joy

Phoebe	Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.	surprise
Ross	They’re not a couple!	surprise
Phoebe	Oh-okay, I get the game now.	neutral
Joey	Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?	neutral
Ross	Oh yeah!	joy
Joey	Well okay, so then you’re fine.	neutral
Joey	The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone.	neutral
Joey	Okay?	neutral
Joey	So as long as it’s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about.	neutral
Joey	It’s when the heat goes away, that’s when you’re in trouble.	neutral
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Joey	Look, you guys have been to every play I’ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?	neutral
Ross	No.	neutral
Joey	Noooo!!	neutral

Phoebe	Ursula!  Wait! Err-err, it’s me! Phoebe!	surprise
Ursula	Oh, I thought there was a mirror there. Okay, bye-bye.	neutral
Phoebe	Wait a second! So, what’s new with you?	surprise
Ursula	Umm, nothing. I mean, I’m getting married next week.	neutral

Jim	And your breasts! Hmm!!!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Phoebe	Umm look, you’re coming on a little strong.	fear
Phoebe	But I’m going to give you the benefit of the doubt, because it seems the universe really wants to be together.	neutral
Phoebe	So, why don’t we just start over okay?	neutral
Phoebe	And you can just tell me about yourself.	neutral
Jim	All right.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Jim	I write erotic novels, for children.	neutral
Phoebe	What?!	surprise
Jim	They’re wildly unpopular.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God!	disgust
Jim	Oh also, you might be interested to know that I have a Ph.D.	neutral
Phoebe	Wow! You do?	surprise
Jim	Yeah,  a Pretty Huge	joy
Phoebe	All right.	disgust

Ross	So, uh, how's she doing?	sadness
Aunt Lillian	The doctor says it's a matter of hours.	sadness
Monica	How-how are you, Mom?	sadness
Mrs. Geller	Me? I'm fine, fine. I'm glad you're here. ...What's with your hair?	anger
Monica	What?	surprise
Mrs. Geller	What's different?	surprise
Monica	Nothing.	neutral
Mrs. Geller	Oh, maybe that's it.	neutral
Monica	She is unbelievable, our mother is...	anger
Ross	Okay, relax, relax.	neutral
Ross	We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.	neutral
Monica	Oh God!	surprise
Monica	The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.	neutral
Ross	Oh!	surprise
Ross	...Yeah, they were gross.	disgust
Ross	Oh, you know what I loved?	joy
Ross	Her Sweet 'n' Los.	joy
Ross	How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.	joy
Mr. Geller	Not just restaurants, from our house.	neutral

Rachel	Maybe.	neutral
Monica	You can't!	surprise
Rachel	Why?  Seriously I did not understand a word that    you said.	surprise
Monica	In the hall.	neutral

Ronni	Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping.	neutral
Ronni	But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose.	neutral
Ronni	Like, chasing their tail,  or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.	neutral
Chandler	Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.	neutral
Ronni	That's a good one!	joy
Mr. Tribbiani	Hey, Joe.	neutral
Joey	Dad, Ronni's here.	neutral
Mr. Tribbiani	Huh?	surprise

Rachel	So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there’s anything that you like, we can make you a deal.	neutral
Rachel	Anything at all.	neutral
Rachel	But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.	neutral
Chandler	Well, thanks a lot for hookin’ me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.	joy
Rachel	I’m Monica’s maid of honor. Okay? Don’t try to blue pin me!	anger

Ross	Oh here, I think this is us.  Yeah.	neutral
Monica	Limited seating my ass. Let’s see who made the cut.  Hi!	anger
Monica	I’m Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom?	neutral
Monica	Used to work with her. Used to! I’m a relative and I didn’t get invited! A	anger
Ross	Stop saying, "Blood" to strangers.	sadness
Monica	So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple?	joy
Monica	Okay, you’re fine.	neutral

Emily	Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!	surprise
Monica	You’ll see.	neutral
Emily	I tell you, this wedding is not going to happen.	joy
Ross	Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y’know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles	neutral
Monica	And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and…  You go.	neutral
Ross	But-but, if you don’t love this, we’ll do it in any other place at any other time.	neutral
Ross	Really, it’s fine, whatever you want.	neutral
Emily	It’s perfect.	joy
Ross	And, I don’t know, if it starts to rain	joy
Emily	Well then we’ll get wet.	anger
Monica	Ohh. And I don’t even have a date.	sadness

Rachel	Coming.	neutral
Ross	I have a bone to pick with you.	anger
Rachel	Uh-oh.	fear
Ross	Yes! Ben learned a little trick.	anger
Rachel	Oh yeah? Did he pull the old	surprise
Ross	That’s right! That’s right!	joy
Rachel	Oh that.	neutral
Ross	Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They’re mean and they’re stupid and-and I don’t want my son learning them!	anger

Cecilia	Y’know what? It doesn’t matter! Because it is not true!	anger
Joey	Okay.	neutral
Cecilia	And if it were true, how	neutral
Joey	Ms. Monroe…  Oh there you go.	neutral

Joey	Mark's a genius!	surprise
Ross	Why?! How?! How is he a genius?	surprise
Chandler	Look, don't you see what's happening here.	anger
Chandler	Instead of hitting on her right away, he's becoming her confidant.	anger
Chandler	Now he's gonna be the guy she goes too to complain about you.	neutral
Ross	What am I going to do?	fear
Chandler	Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that.	neutral
Chandler	All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits.	neutral
Ross	I don't know you guys.	fear
Chandler	All right fine, don't do anything, just sit here and talk to us, meanwhile she is talking to him about you.	disgust
Chandler	And he's being Mr. Joe Sensitive, and she starts thinking 'Maybe this is the guy for me, because he understands me.'	disgust
Joey	And before you know it, she's with him.	anger
Joey	And you'll be all, 'Ohh, man!'	anger
Joey	And he'll be all, 'Yes!'	anger
Joey	And us, we'll be like, 'Wh-whoa, dude.'	joy
Joey	And pretty soon you'll be like,  'Hhiii,' and, and, and, 'I can't go, Rachel and Mark might be there.'	disgust
Joey	And we'll be like, 'Man get over it, it's been four years!!'	disgust
Chandler	He paints quite a picture doesn't he?	neutral

Joey	This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.	neutral
Ross	Great. Great.	neutral
Joey	Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I’ve got you, me, and Chandler and I’m gonna invite Gunther ‘cause, well, we’ve been talking about this pretty loud.	neutral
Gunther	I’ll be there.	neutral
Joey	Listen, I know this is your party, but I’d really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.	neutral
Ross	Yeah. Tell ya what, let’s not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!	neutral
Joey	Okay! We’ll need a six-pack of	neutral
Chandler	Hey guys, what are you doing?	neutral

Chandler	Hey, y’know what, if you’re gonna do that, if you’re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, come on!	sadness
Chandler	Chandler’s funny, sophisticated, and he’s very loveable, once you get to know him.	neutral
Joey	Oh well, hey, Joey’s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he’ll be there.	neutral
Chandler	Well, Chandler will be there for you too.	neutral
Chandler	I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he’ll be there.	neutral
Chandler	And he’ll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you’re really hot.	neutral
Joey	What do ya say? What do ya say?	neutral
Phoebe	Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names.	neutral
Phoebe	But, all right, I don’t—maybe I’ll just name him The Hulk.	neutral
Joey	I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!	sadness

Mrs. Geller	What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well.	sadness
Mr. Geller	I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money!	surprise
Mrs. Geller	Well, at least she had the chance to leave a man at the altar...	joy
Monica	What's that supposed to mean?	surprise
Mrs. Geller	Nothing! It's an expression.	neutral
Monica	No it's not.	neutral
Mr. Geller	Don't listen to your mother.	neutral
Mr. Geller	You're independent, and you always have been!	neutral
Mr. Geller	Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine!	neutral
Mr. Geller	And you would read alone in your room, and your puzzles...	neutral

Joey	PBS Telethon.	neutral
Phoebe	Hi Joey.	neutral
Joey	Hey Pheebs!	joy
Phoebe	I	neutral
Joey	$200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not	anger

Ross	What kind of problem?	surprise
Joey	Well to tell you the truth, they uh,  they had a problem with the bag!	sadness
Chandler	Oh my God!	surprise
Joey	Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!	sadness
Monica	Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.	sadness
Joey	I don't wanna give up the bag.	sadness
Joey	I don't have to give up the bag!	anger
Joey	Do I Rach?	sadness
Joey	Oh, you think I should give up the bag!	anger
Rachel	Honey wait, Joey, I’m sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it	neutral
Rachel	I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.	sadness
Joey	I can't believe I'm hearing this!	sadness
Rachel	Wait a minute!	sadness
Rachel	Wait a minute!	anger
Rachel	I'm not saying that you shouldn’t have a bag, I just—it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm,  controversial.	neutral
Chandler	Yeah umm, they're called wallets.	neutral

Hotel Clerk	I think you'll find this room more to your liking.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, great.	joy
Hotel Clerk	They say he's only got half a tank left.	neutral
Chandler	Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!	surprise
Monica	We're switching rooms again.	anger
Chandler	What? Why?	surprise
Monica	This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room.	anger
Hotel Clerk	Our last ocean view room was unacceptable to you.	joy
Monica	Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?	anger
Chandler	Uh-huh.	neutral
Monica	Chandler!	neutral

Chandler	Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!	anger
Joey	Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!!	anger
Chandler	Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you?	surprise

Phoebe	Hey!	joy
David	Hey! Oh, I was just about to leave. I-I-I-I didn’t think you were coming.	surprise
Phoebe	Oh, I wouldn’t miss this.	joy
David	Well, I’m very glad you’re here.	joy
Phoebe	Oh, you’re such a gentleman.  Come on! We’re going to my place!	joy

Joey	Hey!	joy
Monica	Hey-hey.	neutral
Joey	So are guys doing okay?	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.	neutral

Tag	Do you have a minute?	neutral
Rachel	Well yeah, sure, what’s up?	neutral
Tag	I got asked out twice today when I was at lunch…by guys.	neutral

Rachel	Oh really?!	surprise
Tag	Yeah. Did you tell someone that I was gay?	neutral
Rachel	Oh, did you not want people to know that?	joy

Tag	But I’m not gay. And I especially wouldn’t want you to think I was gay.	joy

Rachel	Why’s that?	neutral

Tag	I don’t think I should say.	neutral
Rachel	Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don’t want you to feel like you can’t tell me things.	neutral
Tag	Okay.	neutral
Rachel	‘Kay.	neutral
Tag	Well	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral
Tag	I’d love to ask out your friend Phoebe.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, she’s gay.	neutral

Casey	Here you go.	neutral
Joey	Great! All right, so I’ll call you later.	joy
Casey	Great!	joy
Chandler	Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?	surprise
Joey	That would be Casey. We’re going out tonight.	neutral
Chandler	Goin’ out, huh? Wow! Wow!  So things didn’t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.	surprise
Joey	No, things are fine with Kathy. I’m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.	neutral
Chandler	What?	surprise
Joey	Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself!	anger
Chandler	Wait! You’re going out with Kathy!	surprise
Joey	Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?	surprise
Chandler	Well, I’m upset—for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you.	disgust
Joey	What is the big deal? It’s not like we’re exclusive.	sadness
Chandler	Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs.	anger
Chandler	But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she’s-she’s smart, and funny, and gets you.	neutral
Joey	You got all that from the back of her head?	surprise
Chandler	All right look, I think it’s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.	neutral
Joey	Who’s Elaine?	neutral

Chandler	Can you people not see me?!	joy
Rachel	So, will you talk to him?	neutral
Joey	I don’t know Rach.	neutral
Rachel	Oh, come on! I’ll give you ten free	anger
Joey	One!  No ten! You said ten! You can’t take that back!	anger

Rachel	Hey!	joy
Chandler	Hi!	joy
Chandler	Listen, can we watch cartoons on your television?	neutral
Chandler	We need a porn break.	neutral
Chandler	We spent the last two hours watching In & Out & In, Again.	neutral
Rachel	Well, so, why don’t you just turn it off?	joy
Chandler	Because then we would be the guys who turned off free porn.	neutral
Phoebe	Ooh, good, you’re hear! Okay.	joy
Monica	Hey!	joy
Phoebe	Hi!	joy
Rachel	Well, what-what ‘cha got there?	joy
Phoebe	Oh this, well I’m glad you asked.	joy
Phoebe	Now, don’t you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife?	disgust
Phoebe	Ahh!	neutral
Phoebe	Now, I know what you’re thinking	neutral
Chandler	Pregnant Woman Slays Four?	fear
Monica	Phoebe, they didn’t make you pay for those knives, did they?	surprise
Phoebe	No!	joy
Rachel	Honey, you’re not gonna make enough money to help Frank and Alice just by selling knives.	neutral
Phoebe	No-no, I know that, but I just have to make enough money for the second part of my plan.	neutral
Chandler	What’s the second part of your plan?	neutral

Ross	Yes that’s right.	neutral
The Instructor	Why?	surprise
Ross	I tired attacking two women, did not work.	neutral
The Instructor	What?!	surprise
Ross	No, I mean it’s okay, I mean, they’re-they’re my friends.	neutral
Ross	In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them.	anger
The Instructor	Let me get this straight man, you attacked your ex-wife?!	anger
Ross	Oh, no!	surprise
Ross	No-no!	surprise
Ross	No, I tired!	surprise
Ross	But I couldn’t.	neutral
Ross	That’s why I’m here.	anger
Ross	Maybe we could attack them together?	neutral
Ross	That-that’s a no.	neutral

Ross	What? No! No, I’m not stopping. I’m Red Ross!	sadness
Joey	Dude, if you go back out there, you’re gonna be Dead Ross!	anger
Ross	I don’t care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game!	anger
Emily	All right, all right, if you insist on doing this, at least let me help you.	anger
Ross	No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything.	neutral
Emily	No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.	neutral
Ross	I like that.	joy
Emily	Yeah? Listen closely, Devon has got a weak ankle.	neutral
Ross	Huh?	neutral
Emily	One swift kick and he’ll back off.	neutral
Ross	All right, bad ankle, got it!	neutral
Emily	And that big bloke with the beard, he has got a trick hip.	neutral
Emily	Yeah.	neutral
Emily	And uh, and David over there, I heard he doesn’t wear a cup.	neutral
Ross	Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay!	joy
Emily	And uh, Liam, Liam’s got bad knees. You hit him right and he’ll go down like a lamp.	neutral
Ross	But-but, Liam’s on my team.	joy
Emily	I don’t care! You just get him!	anger
Ross	I’m gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in!	joy
Joey	The Red Ross! Okay.	joy

Rachel	Oh!  Oh by the way?	neutral
Phoebe	Uh-hmm.	neutral
Rachel	James Brolin?	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he’s gay.	neutral
Rachel	Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.	neutral
Phoebe	Really?!	surprise

Rachel	Hello?	neutral
Russell	Hello, is Ross there?	neutral
Rachel	Uh no, he’s not. Can I take a message?	neutral
Russell	Yes, this Russell, Ross’s divorce lawyer, just tell him that since I haven’t heard from him, I assume he’s decided to give the marriage a try.	neutral
Rachel	Ross got married again—Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!	surprise

Rachel	Oh-oh! Okay, she’s kicking!	joy
Chandler	Oh!  She’s growing inside you.	neutral
Rachel	Whoa!!	surprise
Chandler	Oh!	surprise
Rachel	Wow that was a big one.	surprise
Chandler	I think that’s the youngest girl ever to reject me.	joy
Phoebe	Oh hey you guys!	joy

Joey	Sure, I can hang out ‘til I have to meet ya.  What uh—How come you’re not going?	neutral
Chandler	I have a job interview I have to get ready for.	neutral
Joey	I thought you already have a job.	neutral
Chandler	And people say you don’t pay attention.	neutral
Chandler	No, this is a much better job.	neutral
Chandler	It’s vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.	neutral
Joey	Wow! How do you know how to do that?!	surprise
Chandler	That’s what I do now.	neutral
Monica	Hey Joey, come taste this.	neutral
Joey	What is it?	neutral
Monica	Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well…  I’m getting my revenge!	anger
Joey	You cooked him?	surprise
Monica	No.	neutral
Monica	He teaches a course on food criticism at the New School, so before we go to the movies I wanna go by there and make him try my bouillabaisse again.	neutral
Monica	Oh, I cannot wait to read the front page of the Post tomorrow!	joy
Monica	"Restaurant reviewer admits: I was wrong about Monica."	joy
Chandler	The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don’t ya?	sadness

Joey	So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?	neutral
Chandler	No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.	disgust
Monica	We’re never gonna find anybody.	sadness
Joey	Well then let me do it!	joy
Chandler	Joe	joy
Joey	No-no-no!	neutral
Joey	Look, I’ve been thinking about it.	neutral
Joey	I’m an actor right?	neutral
Joey	So I won’t get nervous talking in front of people.	neutral
Joey	I won’t spit, and I won’t stare at Monica’s breasts!	anger
Joey	Everyone knows I’m an ass man!	joy
Monica	That is true.	neutral
Joey	Yeah and the most important thing is that it won’t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you.	joy
Joey	It’ll be me!	joy
Joey	And I swear I’ll do a really good job.	joy
Joey	Plus, y’know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.	joy
Monica	It might be kinda cool.	joy
Joey	So I can do it?	joy

Phoebe	Ah-ha! Too cocky!	joy

Joey	I still can’t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.	fear
Phoebe	Of course I do! And I’m gonna give it back to you as soon as they’re done with it at the key shining place.	neutral
Joey	What the hell is that?	anger
Joey	Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger, what are you doing?	surprise
Mr. Treeger	You said there was a gas leak in here.	neutral
Phoebe	Well why don’t you use your key?	neutral
Mr. Treeger	Because by the time I find it on this thing , the whole place might have exploded.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	If that happens at another building that I manage, people are gonna start asking questions.	neutral
Mr. Treeger	Come on!	anger
Mr. Treeger	Hurry up.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh! We could have done that.	neutral

Chandler	Luckily, the guy she settled for can’t hear what you’re talking about.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, I’m so sorry.	sadness
Phoebe	Um, and maybe I’m wrong!	sadness
Phoebe	I but—y’know I’m gonna go out with him again, I’ll find out more.	neutral
Chandler	You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you’re still gonna date him?	surprise
Phoebe	Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl’s gotta eat.	neutral

Monica	Oh, but it’s made her so happy.	anger
Ross	Little girl misses her cat.	neutral
Ross	Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat.	sadness
Ross	Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.	neutral
All	Yeah.	neutral
Ross	Thank you.	neutral
Rachel	I	neutral
Monica	He is right, isn’t he?	joy
Chandler	Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he’s wrong.	neutral
All	You think?	surprise
Chandler	Oh-no, he’s right.	neutral

Joey	Seven hundred bucks!	joy
Chandler	Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?	joy
Joey	Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.	joy
Chandler	Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?	neutral
Joey	What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this?	disgust

Phoebe	Oh.	neutral
Monica	Y'know those are a delicacy in India.	neutral

Phoebe	Me too.	neutral
Phoebe	Although this city is my home, so.	neutral
Phoebe	So that’s dumb what I said, don’t tell him I said that.	neutral
Phoebe	Umm, you make something up.	neutral
Phoebe	Nice,  thank you.	joy
Phoebe	This is me.	neutral
Phoebe	Here.	neutral
Mischa	Your eyes are very pretty.	joy
Phoebe	Thank you, very much! Oh!  Thank you!	joy
Mischa	He would like to kiss you.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, y'know what, you don’t have to do that now.	neutral
Phoebe	No-no-no-no!!	joy
Phoebe	Not him, you don’t!	surprise
Phoebe	Well the moment’s over.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh.	neutral
Mischa	Oy!	neutral

Chandler	Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?	anger
Joey	I’d really prefer a mountain bike.	neutral
Chandler	Janice’s birthday is coming up, I want to get her something speacial. Come in here with me.	neutral
Joey	Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa.	surprise
Joey	Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.	anger
Chandler	That’s a good idea, ‘Dear Janice have a Hubba-Bubba birthday’. I would like to get her something serious.	disgust
Joey	Oh, you want something serious.	neutral
Joey	Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas.	neutral
Joey	Those are dead serious.	neutral
Chandler	All right. Look, I’m gonna go in here, and you don’t buy me anything ever.	anger
Joey	No, no, you can’t, you can’t, okay, you can’t, you can’t buy her pearls, you just can’t, you can’t, you can’t.	fear
Chandler	Why not?!	surprise
Joey	Oh God. Uh, okay, here’s the thing, this is the thing, okay, the thing is...	neutral
Chandler	What is the thing?	sadness
Joey	Okay. I went down to the ‘Mattress King’ showroom and, and I saw Janice, kissing her ex-husband.	sadness
Chandler	What?	surprise
Joey	They were in his office.	neutral
Chandler	Well she, she wouldn’t do that, she’s with, she’s with me.	sadness

Rachel	I’m telling you it’s like watching Bambi learn how to walk.	anger
Ross	You’re drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I’m a little drunk.	surprise
Joey	Hey! Are those crab cakes?  Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?	joy
Chandler	How are you feeling?	neutral
Monica	You are	neutral
Ross	I really wish that you wouldn’t.	anger
Chandler	Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay?	neutral
Chandler	Then we can put you in bed, okay?	neutral
Chandler	Just smile and don’t talk to	neutral
Phoebe	Speech! Speech! Let’s hear from the birthday girl! Huh?	joy
Chandler	Pheebs!!	joy
Phoebe	Don’t you see? Everyone’s looking at me! The plan’s working! I didn’t even have to take off my top yet!	joy
Mrs. Geller	Speech! Come on Monica!	joy
Ross	Come on!	joy
All	Come on! Speech!	joy
Mr. Geller	Hey Chandler, you can’t keep your hands off her for one second!	anger
Mrs. Geller	Oh-ho, I think it’s nice.	joy

Rachel	Well you have to because maybe it’s stupid.	neutral
Chandler	Well it’s just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was…the first time I knew that…you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.	joy
Monica	Oh crap!	anger

Monica	All right.	neutral
Monica	The super couldn’t figure out what it did.	neutral
Monica	A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out what it did.	sadness
Monica	I’ve had seven pretty serious shocks.	sadness
Monica	I officially give up.	disgust
Rachel	Thank God.	joy
Monica	I guess Joey was right, it does nothing.	joy
Phoebe	See? I’m doing it. I am totally doing it.  I lost it.	anger

Chandler	Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?	sadness
Monica	He doesn't have anyone.	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.	anger
Joey	I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.	disgust
Rachel	Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up!	joy
Jay Leno	Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing.	neutral
Jay Leno	You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one.	neutral
Chandler	Y'know, we don't have to watch this.	neutral
Rachel	No way, forget it.	joy
Joey	C'mon, she's your mom!	anger
Chandler	Exactly.	neutral
Rachel	Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books!	joy
Rachel	I love her books!	joy
Rachel	I cannot get on a plane without one!	joy
Rachel	I mean, this is so cool!	joy
Chandler	Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch.'	disgust
Ross	C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.	joy

Joey	Thank you.	neutral
Rachel	And a nice hot cider for Monica.	neutral
Monica	Aww, thank you.  Uh Rach?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah?	neutral
Monica	Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?	surprise
Rachel	Oh! That's why.  I'm sorry!	surprise

Phoebe	Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am?	neutral
Phoebe	You can't put your cigarette out on a tree!	anger
The Smoking Woman	Yeah I can, it worked real well.	neutral
Phoebe	No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again.	anger
The Smoking Woman	I won't!  Until I have my next cigarette.	anger
Phoebe	Hold it!  N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk!	anger
The Smoking Woman	What?!	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah that's right you are so busted.  Book 'em.	anger
The Smoking Woman	Who are you talking too?	surprise
Phoebe	Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree.	disgust
The Smoking Woman	I am	neutral
Phoebe	You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup.   Backup! Backup!!	anger
The Smoking Woman	I-I'm sorry! Sorry.	fear
Phoebe	Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!	neutral

Phoebe	Shh! Get me out of here.	fear
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Joey	Ross!	surprise
Ross	What?	neutral
Joey	Come here, check this out!	surprise
Ross	What? Is it the comet?	neutral
Joey	No! No-no. Look, there’s a bug stuck in tar right here.	surprise
Ross	Joey come—I can’t believe—I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature’s most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!	anger
Joey	Y’know, there’s	neutral
Ross	Show me where?	neutral
Joey	Right-right up here.	neutral
Ross	Joey where’s the pipe that was holding the door open?	neutral
Joey	I don’t know!   Yeah, I do.	joy
Ross	Joey!	anger
Joey	What?! All right—Hey! Don’t look at me! You’re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid	anger
Ross	It’s called the Bapstein-King comet, okay?  Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!	anger
Joey	Oh no! No! No!	surprise

Phoebe	Wow! This place is incredible!  Sting’s pen…that he gave to Phoebe.  Come on! Secret passageway!	joy
Trudie Styler	Hi!	neutral
Phoebe	Hi!	neutral
Trudie Styler	I’m Trudie.	neutral
Phoebe	Uh-huh.	neutral
Trudie Styler	You must be Ben’s mum.	neutral
Phoebe	Why else would I be here?	neutral
Trudie Styler	Do sit down.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah.	neutral

Monica	Hi.. how was the game?	neutral
Ross	Well..	neutral
All	WE WON!! Thank you! Yes!	joy
Monica	Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible?	surprise
Joey	Alan.	neutral
Ross	He was unbelievable.	joy
Ross	He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...	joy
Rachel	I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.	joy
Chandler	Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..	joy
Monica	Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..	neutral
Ross	What?	surprise
Monica	..I dunno, a little too Alan?	neutral
Rachel	Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.	joy
Ross	Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.	joy
Chandler	I personally could have a gallon of Alan.	joy

Joey	Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake, ate great food, that’s the first A I’ve gotten since seventh grade,	joy
Monica	Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?	fear
Joey	What the hell!	surprise
Monica	Okay.	neutral
The Acting Teacher	All right, let’s start with some basics. Can anybody tell me what the difference between upstage and downstage is?	neutral
Joey	Yeah, this was a stupid idea.	disgust

Ross	My God!	surprise
Ross	These pants are burning up!	surprise
Ross	Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now!	surprise
Ross	What is she trying to kill me?	anger
Ross	It's like a volcano in here!	surprise
Ross	Are you hot?	neutral
Ross	Okay, it must just be me then.	neutral
Ross	That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?	neutral

Joey	You're driving me crazy with that!	anger
Chandler	Okay, I'll stop.	neutral
Joey	Don’t stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot!	anger
Joey	Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.	anger
Chandler	You wanna play?	neutral
Joey	Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon.	neutral
Joey	And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.	neutral
Chandler	Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.	neutral
Joey	All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?	joy
Chandler	I'm intrigued.	neutral
Joey	All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.	joy
Joey	Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.	joy
Chandler	Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?	neutral
Joey	Uh yeah, right here.	neutral

Monica	Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends?  Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch?	joy
Rachel	What's that?	neutral
Monica	Weeeell, it's rum, and-	neutral

Monica	I'm sure they'll be here soon.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.	neutral
Joey	Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.	neutral
Chandler	You are really frightening me.	fear
Chandler	Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart.  Uh, that's great.  Anybody seen a nipple?	fear
Dr. Franzblau	All right, ten centimeters, here we go.	neutral
Nurse	All right, honey, time to start pushing.	neutral
Carol	But they're not here yet!	fear
Dr. Franzblau	I'm sorry, I can't tell the baby to wait for them.	neutral
Carol	Oh, god.	fear

Ross	Here we go. Mona umm, I think it’s time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.	joy
Mona	Yeah, I-I think I suggested that.	neutral
Ross	Aw, we-we are so… So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y’know hanging out with you.	joy
Ross	And I mean-I’m having a lot of fun.	joy
Mona	Okay.	neutral
Ross	I mean, there’s no point in spending time with someone if-if it’s just fun.	neutral
Ross	It’s gotta be, it’s gotta be going somewhere right?	joy
Ross	So where-where is it going?	neutral
Ross	Ah!	surprise
Ross	That’s-that’s the real question.	neutral
Ross	And-and the answer is…is it’s going somewhere…fun.	joy
Ross	Now I-I know what you’re thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y’know, but you’re-you’re not getting any younger.	neutral
Ross	No I mean—No not you, not you, you—you	fear
Mona	I’m sorry, so umm, so where are we?	sadness

Chandler	Y’know what?	neutral
Chandler	I am going to take you out to dinner tonight.	joy
Chandler	I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers .	joy
Chandler	No?	anger
Chandler	Really?	surprise
Chandler	They taste so good.	joy

Phoebe	Drum roll.	neutral
Chandler	Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?	neutral
Joey	Nah, you’re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.	neutral
Chandler	All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at 3:30 I am going down to the courthouse.	neutral
Phoebe	You’re actually going through with this?	surprise
Chandler	Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life.	anger
Chandler	Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women… So, as of 4 o’clock tomorrow, I’m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.	neutral
Phoebe	You got problems because of you!	anger
Phoebe	Not your name!	sadness
Phoebe	All right, this has got to stop!	anger
Phoebe	Chandler is a great name!	anger
Phoebe	In fact—yes,  I’m, I’m sorry.	sadness
Phoebe	I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I’m-I’m, I’m gonna, I’m gonna name the baby Chandler.	neutral

Ross	Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!	surprise
Emily	It was.	neutral

Student	Look, I just saw my best friends brains smeared across the canvas, that’s not gonna be me, not me.	sadness
Joey	Wow! That was good. That was... Tweezers?	surprise
Student	No.	neutral
Joey	Whoa. That was really good.	surprise
Student	Thanks, any suggestions?	neutral

Phoebe	You-you…you had sex with Ursula?!	surprise
Eric	Uh, a little bit. She-she-she walked in and I thought she was you and I kissed her and	fear
Phoebe	You didn’t notice she was wearing different clothes?!	surprise
Eric	Well I was just so excited to see you.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y’know what? This is too weird.	disgust
Eric	No-no it’s not!	sadness
Eric	I don’t want to lose you!	fear
Eric	It’s-it’s like I was saying to Ursula when I was making love to her and I thought she was you—Yeah it is too weird.	sadness
Phoebe	So I guess this is it.	sadness
Eric	Yeah.  Maybe it’s for the best. You smell just like her.	sadness
Phoebe	Yeah, so do you.	anger

Phoebe	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?	neutral
Rachel	Manhattan does not have enough stores.	sadness
Phoebe	Well,	neutral
Rachel	You can?	surprise
Phoebe	Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.	neutral
Rachel	Um-hmm.	neutral
Phoebe	And a small piece of chocolate.	neutral

Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, we have to talk. I’m just getting out of a very serious relationship	sadness
Janice	I know! And I’m just getting out of a marriage, I mean talk about meant to be!	fear
Chandler	Right! I just think that this is happening too soon.	joy
Janice	Oh, too soon, too schmoon. Face it honey, I am not letting you get away this time.	sadness
Chandler	I hear ya.  But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas!	disgust
Janice	Oh no! Where to?  Too Paris?	surprise
Chandler	No! No! Not, Paris.	neutral
Janice	Too London? No-no, Rome? Vienna? Ooh-ooh, Barcelona?	joy
Chandler	Okay, could you just stop talking for a second?  Yemen. That’s right, yes, I’m being transferred to Yemen!	anger
Janice	When?	anger
Chandler	I don’t know exactly.	neutral
Janice	Ugh, well I will just have to soak up every once of Chandler Bing until that moment comes.	sadness
Chandler	But I do know that it’s some time tomorrow.	joy

Phoebe	Ooh, this is it!  Oh, that’s him! That’s him!	joy
Joey	Great! Go get him.	joy
Phoebe	Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.	neutral
Joey	He’s not really my type.	neutral
Phoebe	No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what’s he like. People tell doctors everything.	neutral
Phoebe	But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.	sadness
Joey	You do attract some stinkers.	sadness

Woman	Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Mrs. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a	neutral
Mrs. Tedlock	Yes. Well, Mr. Kostelick wants you to stop by his office at the end of the day.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, listen.	neutral
Chandler	If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them.	neutral
Chandler	Really.	joy
Chandler	Nothing at all.	neutral
Chandler	Really.	joy
Chandler	Nothing.	neutral

Chandler	Y’know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?	neutral
Monica	Of course! Joey wouldn’t let you have one?	sadness
Chandler	No. When it comes to sweets, he’s surprisingly strict.	sadness
Monica	Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you’re moving out?	neutral
Chandler	No, no, I keep trying, y’know?	anger
Chandler	I can get out, "Joey, I have too…" but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "…go to the bathroom."	sadness
Chandler	He may think I’m sick.	neutral
Monica	Y’know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I… We just have to get it over with!	neutral
Monica	Y’know, the next time we see them we’re just gonna tell them.	neutral
Monica	That’s it.	neutral
Chandler	Oh, so that’s this is gonna work now? You’re just gonna order me around all the time?	joy
Monica	Pretty much.	neutral
Chandler	All right.	neutral
Joey	Hey Monica!	joy
Monica	Hi!	joy
Joey	Hey man, you feeling any better?	neutral
Monica	Joey, we have something to tell you.	neutral
Joey	Oh my God! You’re pregnant!	surprise

Phoebe	Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you’re only married in Vegas.	neutral
Monica	What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you’re married everywhere.	neutral
Phoebe	Really?!	surprise
Monica	Yeah!	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my God!—Eh! Well	surprise

Monica	You see that guy? He’s in classics now, but y'know as soon as we leave he’s going straight to the porn.	disgust
Richard	He’s gonna go up to the counter with	neutral
Monica	Yeah.	neutral
Richard	I missed this.	joy
Monica	Me too.	anger
Richard	So, you wanna get a hamburger or something?	neutral

The Guys	Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Awww!	joy
Phoebe	Hey, it’s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help.	anger
The Guys	We will.	neutral
Monica	Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmellows in concentric circles.	neutral
Rachel	No Mon,	neutral
Monica	Every year.	neutral

Phoebe	Hey! Ross!	joy
Chandler	Die Hard	neutral
Joey	Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?	neutral
Chandler	What’d you rent?	neutral
Joey	Die Hard 2	neutral
Chandler	Joey, this is	neutral
Joey	Oh, well we watch it a second time and its	neutral
Ross	Joey, we	neutral
Joey	And?	neutral
Ross	And it’ll be cool to see it again! Yeah!	joy
Ross	Die Hard	neutral
Ross	Dude, you didn’t say	neutral
Chandler	Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.	neutral
Ross	Well, John McClane had plans!	anger
Chandler	No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.	neutral
Joey	What are you talking about? Bitch.	anger

Joey/Drake	I know you botched that operation on purpose.	joy
Joey/Drake	I can't prove    it yet, but when I do, you'll be going to jail for murder.	anger
Joey/Drake	I don't care if you    are my brother.	disgust

Phoebe	Good for you! And hey, I thought your paper on punctuated equilibrium    in the Devonian era was top notch!	joy
Ross	Stop going through my stuff !	anger
Rachel	Hey!	joy
Monica	Hey!	joy
Rachel	I just wanted to let you know I've changed my mind: I'm gonna    do it, I'm gonna kiss Joey.	anger
Monica	No, you can't! Friends hooking up is a bad idea.	fear
Rachel	Please, what about you and Chandler?	anger
Monica	That's different! I was drunk and stupid!	anger
Rachel	Well hello !	anger
Monica	What about all the guys that you've got the phone numbers from?    Why don't you just kiss one of them?	neutral
Rachel	I could, I could but I don't want to! I want to kiss Joey!	anger
Monica	Alright . I think it's a big mistake but it's your decision.	neutral
Rachel	I'm gonna do it.	joy
Monica	And I can't stop you.	neutral
Rachel	No.	neutral
Ross	Hey Rach, have you seen Charlie anywhere?	neutral
Ross	I'm smarter than	neutral

Ross	Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out.	joy
Gunther	Yeah, that-that Chandler cracks me up.	joy
Joey	Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, ‘cause I’m heading up there.	neutral
Ross	Uh, yeah, I’ll take a coffee. Thanks, man.	neutral
Joey	Sure.  Coffee? ‘Cause I’m going up there.	joy
Rachel	No.	neutral
Monica	No, thank you.	neutral
Joey	You guys need anything, ‘cause I’m heading up there.	neutral
Woman	I’d love an ice water.	neutral
Joey	You got it.	neutral
Monica	Joey, what are you doing?	surprise
Joey	Just being friendly.	anger
Rachel	Joey, honey, I don’t think you’re supposed to go back there.	anger
Joey	Nah, it’s okay. Right, Gunther?	neutral
Gunther	Don’t wink at me. And put on your apron.	anger
Joey	Okay, but I don’t see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.	sadness
Monica	Joey, do you work here?	surprise
Joey	No.	neutral
Customer	Hey, waiter.	neutral
Joey	Yeah?	neutral

Chandler	You’ve reached Monica and Chandler’s, if you’re listening to this message, we’re probably screening.  Yeah we are.	neutral
The Museum Official	Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum.	neutral
The Museum Official	I’m calling for Monica Geller.	neutral
The Museum Official	I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available	neutral
Chandler	This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!  Yes, the groom—No! Not the groom!!	surprise

Monica	Thank you.	neutral
Phoebe	Thanks.	neutral
Monica	I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!	anger
Phoebe	Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler.  I am	neutral
Monica	This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.	sadness
Phoebe	So go fix it!	neutral
Phoebe	Go find Chandler!	neutral
Phoebe	He's probably up in your room!	sadness
Phoebe	Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.	anger
Monica	Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you!	joy
Phoebe	Sure!   Yeah! Las Vegas, number one!	joy
Monica	Anybody lose this?	neutral
The Croupier	Comin' out. Place your bet.  Dice are out.  Double or nothin'! Pay the front line!	joy
Monica	Hmm.	neutral

Rachel	Do you remember where the duck food is?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, it’s in the guys’ apartment under the sink. Why?	surprise
Rachel	Because I’m going to London.	neutral
Phoebe	What?! What do you mean you’re going to London?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him.	neutral
Rachel	Now honey, you take care, you don’t have those babies until I get back.	neutral
Phoebe	I—Rachel, you can’t go! Ross loves Emily!	fear
Rachel	Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does.	fear
Rachel	But I have to tell him how I feel!	sadness
Rachel	He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.	neutral
Phoebe	That’s not why you’re going!	sadness
Phoebe	You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach.	sadness
Phoebe	Forget that British chippy."	sadness
Rachel	Ohh—Do you think he will?!	surprise
Phoebe	No!	sadness
Phoebe	Because he’s in love with the British chippy!	sadness
Phoebe	Look, Rachel, if you go, you’re just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding!	anger
Phoebe	Y’know, it’s too late!	anger
Phoebe	You missed you’re chance!	sadness
Phoebe	I’m sorry, I know this must be really hard, it’s over.	sadness
Rachel	Y’know what? No. It’s not over until someone says, "I do."	anger
Phoebe	I do! I do! I do!  I do!  Ugh, like I can really chase you. I’m carrying a litter.	joy

Ross	So is everybody here?	neutral
Ross	I got here a little early myself.	neutral
Ross	Let us begin.	neutral
Ross	Now, the hydrosaurids have been unearthed in two main locations.	neutral
Ross	Here.	neutral
Ross	Here.	neutral
Ross	Now as for the hydrosaurs	neutral

Joey	Well, so anyway Beth, what I’m saying is I should’ve considered your feelings before I went home with you that night.	neutral
Joey	I’ve ah, I’ve recently learned what’s it like to be on your side of it, and I’m sorry.	sadness
Joey	So, do you think you can forgive me?	sadness
Joey	Great.	joy
Joey	Thanks.	joy
Joey	Okay, bye.	neutral
Joey	Hello, Jennifer?	neutral
Joey	Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there?	surprise
Joey	Oh, she’s not home huh?	surprise
Joey	Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.	neutral

Phoebe	Hey!	anger
Rachel	Hi.	neutral
Phoebe	Are you all right?	neutral
Rachel	Uhh… I think I just got engaged.	fear
Phoebe	Oh my God! He did it?	surprise
Rachel	Well…did you know he was gonna ask me?	joy
Phoebe	Are you kidding?	surprise
Phoebe	I’m like the one who talked him into it.	joy
Phoebe	I  like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.	sadness
Rachel	And you really think this is a good idea?	sadness
Phoebe	I just talked him into it, don’t tell me I have to do you too.  The puppet master gets tired people.	neutral
Rachel	I just don’t know! It just doesn’t feel right.	sadness
Phoebe	Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks  so.	surprise
Rachel	Really?! Even Ross?	surprise
Phoebe	Especially Ross!	joy
Joey	Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y’know what? I’ll-I’ll come  back later.	neutral
Ross	Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I’ll guess just…I’ll  come back.	surprise
Phoebe	There he goes, your fiancée.	joy
Rachel	I guess so.	neutral
Phoebe	Although he does play with himself in his sleep.	neutral
Rachel	I can’t say that I’m surprised.	neutral

Phoebe	Oh, that is so unfortunate.	sadness
Ross	What?	neutral
Phoebe	Cute naked guy is really starting to put on weight.	joy
Monica	Okay, I’ll be back in just a minute. Oh, Phoebe I’m sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.	neutral
Phoebe	You didn’t leave lipstick marks on the phone.	neutral
Monica	Oh, then it must’ve been you. Bye.	neutral
Phoebe	Bye-bye!  That’s why I moved out.	joy
Ross	Hey, y'know while we’re on that, when are you gonna tell my sister that you don’t live here anymore.	neutral
Phoebe	I think on some levels she already knows.	neutral

Jeannine	Night Mon. Night Julio.	neutral
Julio	Adiós.	neutral
Monica	Look Julio, someone left their book here.	surprise
Julio	Ah actually, that is mine.	neutral
Monica	Oh yeah, what are you reading?	neutral
Julio	Flowers of Evil, by Beaudalire. Have you read it?	neutral
Monica	Have I read it?  No, are you enjoying it?	neutral
Julio	I thought I would, but the translation's no good.	neutral
Monica	Your a poet and don't know it.	neutral
Julio	Actually I ah, I am a poet.	neutral
Monica	Oh, then you do know it.  So um what kind of things do you write about?	neutral
Julio	Things that move me. The, the shadow of a tree, a child laughing, or this lip.	neutral
Monica	Mine?  Right here?	neutral
Julio	I can write an epic poem about this lip.	joy
Monica	How would that go?  Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it.	joy

The Conductor	Last stop, Montreal. This stop is Montreal.	neutral
Ross	What?	surprise
Woman On Train	I made a bet with myself that you have beautiful eyes. Now that I see them, I win.	neutral
Ross	What?	surprise
Woman On Train	We’re at my stop. But would you like to have coffee?	neutral
Ross	Are we really in Montreal?!	surprise
Woman On Train	Yes we are. So, coffee?	neutral
Ross	Coffee sounds great.  Wait, so, so you live in Montreal?	neutral
Woman On Train	Oh, no. But it’s just a two hour ferry ride to Nova Scotia.	neutral

Monica	Okay, here’s batch 22.	neutral
Monica	Oh, maybe these’ll taste a little like your grandmother’s.	anger
Monica	This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.	neutral
Ross	Let’s give it a shot.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?	surprise
Monica	No, just a Friday night.	neutral

Phoebe	Would she?	neutral
Joey	Would she?  You ate my candy bar!	anger

Rachel	Oh God, I hate my job, I hate it, I hate my job, I hate it.	disgust
Monica	I know honey, I’m sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it’s remotely related to the field they’re interested in.	sadness
Monica	Gee, I don’t know Rach. Order up!! I got a Yentel soup, a James Beans, and a Howdy hold the Dowdy!	joy
Rachel	Oh honey, come on, I’m sorry, I didn’t....	sadness
Rachel	I don’t mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.	disgust
Rachel	Hi! Is my misery amusing to you?	anger
Guy	I’m sorry, I wa, I wa, I was just ah....	fear
Rachel	It’s not funny, this is actually my job.	anger
Guy	Oh believe me, I-I-I’ve been there. I had to sort mannequin heads at that Mannequins Plus.	neutral
Rachel	Oh well then, so I’m just going to go back to talking to my friend here.	joy
Rachel	And you can go back to enjoying your little hamburger.	joy
Guy	Ah, just one other thing.	neutral
Rachel	Yes?!	joy
Guy	I ah, I work at	neutral
Rachel	Do you want my pickle?	neutral

Phoebe	Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?	neutral
Monica	Why?	surprise
Phoebe	Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.	neutral
Monica	Oh my God.	surprise
Monica	Phoebe.	neutral
Monica	Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.	neutral
Phoebe	Where?  Ooh, come to Momma.	joy
Monica	He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool.	anger
Phoebe	We should do something. Whistle.	joy
Monica	We are not going to whistle.	anger
Phoebe	Come on, do it.	neutral
Monica	No!	anger
Phoebe	Do it!	joy
Monica	No!	anger
Phoebe	Do it do it do it!	joy
Monica	Woo-woo!	joy
Phoebe	I can't believe you did that!	surprise

Monica	Hi! Umm, I’m Monica Geller, I’m the chef at Alessandro’s.	neutral
The Food Critic	Still?	surprise
Monica	I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my bouillabaisse another chance.	neutral
The Food Critic	I don’t see any reason why I would do that to myself again.	joy
Joey	Either eat it, or be in it.	anger
Monica	Spoon?  So, what do you think?	joy
The Food Critic	I’m torn, between my integrity and my desire to avoid a beating. But I must be honest, your soap is abysmal.	disgust
Joey	Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here.. there’s a new class comin’ in.	joy
The Cooking Teacher	Welcome to introduction to cooking. Now, before we start, can anyone tell me the difference between a hollandaise sauce and a bearnaise sauce?	neutral
Monica	I can.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Okay, go ahead.	neutral
Monica	Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bearnaise has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly tarragon.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	That’s very good, what’s your name?	neutral
Monica	Monica.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Monica, you go to the head of the class.	neutral
Monica	Okay.	joy

Phoebe	And there's a country called Argentinaaaa,    it's a place I've never seeeeen.	neutral
Phoebe	But I'm told for fifty pesos you can buy a    human spleen.	neutral
Phoebe	Human spleeeen.	neutral
Phoebe	Olé!	joy
Monica	What are you doing here!	surprise
Phoebe	Well, you said that you had customers lined up in the street,    so I am here to entertain!	joy
Monica	Great!	joy
Phoebe	Yeah!	joy
Phoebe	It really has been great too, you know, some of this people    must have seen me play before because they were requesting a bunch of my songs!	joy
Phoebe	Yeah, "You suck" and "shut up and go home".	joy
Monica	Listen Phoebe...	joy
Phoebe	Yeah.	neutral
Monica	You know how much I love listening to your music, you know,    but...	neutral
Phoebe	But what?	neutral
Monica	This is kind of a classy place.	neutral
Phoebe	Ok, say no more.	neutral

Joey	I'm so bored! Stupid rain, we... we can't do anything.	sadness
Rachel	Well, I've brought some books. We could read.	neutral
Joey	Hey, it hasn't come to that yet.	joy
Joey	Hey hey hey! Don't mind if I do!	joy
Waiter	I'm sorry sir, these are for the pharmaceutical convention	neutral
Joey	Hey Rach, do you feel like going to a convention?	neutral
Rachel	We can't. We're not pharmacists!	sadness
Joey	I know we're not, but  Frank Medeio and...  Eva Trorro... womba...	neutral
Rachel	Kate Miller?	neutral
Joey	Kate Miller it is.	neutral
Rachel	And... that's the most sex I'm gonna have this weekend.	joy
Joey	In that case should I make sure it's on real good?	neutral
Rachel	Thank you.	neutral

Chandler	Oh my God!	surprise
Monica	We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.	sadness
Ross	This year was supposed to be great!	anger
Ross	But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!	disgust
All	No. No, you're not a loser.	sadness
Ross	Look at me!	anger
Monica	Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you!  Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!	joy
Ross	Oh, be-because of the leather pants.	sadness
Monica	See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something.	joy
Rachel	That really is something.. that's really cool.	joy
Joey	Howdy partner!	joy
Ross	Maybe I should get another pair!	joy
Ross	Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides.	joy
Ross	I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight.	joy
Ross	I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy.	joy
Ross	I would make a good cowboy.	joy
Monica	Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.	neutral
Chandler	Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty.  Yep.	neutral

Ross	No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!	anger
Chandler	Oh yeah!	surprise

Joey	Great nap.	neutral
Ross	It really was.	neutral
Joey	Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are.	joy
The Interviewer	So, let’s talk about women. I’m sure our female readers will be interested to know about your romantic life.	neutral
Joey	Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"	neutral
Phoebe	Oh, please!	disgust
Joey	Hey, how you doin’?	neutral

Phoebe	Hey Mikey	neutral
Mike	Hey P	neutral
Phoebe	What are you doing?	neutral
Mike	Setting rattraps	neutral
Phoebe	To kill Bob??	surprise
Mike	No, no, to test his neck strength.	neutral
Phoebe	No, Mike, I don't want to kill him!	anger
Phoebe	I thought we were just gonna    capture him and, and you know, set him free in the country side where he can    maybe meet a friendly possom and a wisecracking owl.	sadness
Mike	Ok, ok, I'll throw away the traps.	neutral
Phoebe	I'll find Bob, I'll get him.	neutral
Phoebe	Bob?	fear
Phoebe	Bob!	sadness
Phoebe	Robert!	anger
Phoebe	Oh wait, I think I hear him.	neutral
Phoebe	Oh - Oh my god!	surprise
Phoebe	Bob    had babies!	surprise
Phoebe	Bob's a mom!	surprise
Mike	Better think of a new name for him.	neutral
Phoebe	I don't know, I kinda like Bob for a girl.	neutral
Mike	I don't know, I mean I'm not sure  ...	neutral
Phoebe	Oh my god, we killed Bob!	sadness
Mike	Maybe it wasn't Bob, maybe it was a mouse.	neutral
Phoebe	Suzie	neutral

Joey	Hmmm, soup!	joy
Carol	Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?	neutral
Joey	Oh yeah, no problem.	neutral
Carol	Thanks.	neutral
Joey	Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection.	sadness
Ross	Joey!	surprise

Monica	What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, but he waited until the last minute!	anger
Rachel	So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party.	anger
Rachel	I said, "No!"	anger
Rachel	Which puts	neutral
Monica	Great. So the ball is in his court?	anger
Rachel	Ball? There is no ball.	anger

Danny	Oh, hey Rach! I thought we said seven?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.	neutral
Danny	What?! Why?!	surprise
Rachel	Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and	neutral
Danny	Oh great! That	anger
Danny	Do-do you, do you have brothers?	neutral
Rachel	No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.	neutral
Danny	Are you close with them?	neutral
Rachel	No-no, they're not very nice people.	neutral
Danny	Okay, listen, I really like you.	neutral
Danny	Okay?	neutral
Danny	I think this can go somewhere.	neutral
Danny	So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?	neutral
Rachel	Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of	neutral
Krista	Danny! Hurry up! The bath is getting cold!	neutral
Danny	What?	surprise
Rachel	Yeah, okay, I'll see you later.	neutral

Ross	It’s over.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, was it awful?	sadness

Ross	Well, it was loong.	sadness

Ross	I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on her head.	neutral
Ross	Anyway, she didn’t want to stay.	sadness
Ross	I called a cab. she just left.	neutral
Rachel	I wrote you a letter.	neutral
Ross	Ohh! Thank you! I like mail.	joy
Rachel	It’s just some things I’ve been thinking about.	neutral
Rachel	Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.	neutral
Ross	Okay.  Wow, it’s-it’s 5:30 in the morning.  So, I’d better get cracking on this baby.	neutral
Rachel	Well, I’ll be waiting for you, just come up when you’re done.	neutral
Ross	Okay, I’ll be up in,  18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.	joy

Monica	The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!	anger
Allesandro	Well, you said that we except the	neutral
Monica	All right, that I’ll retract.	neutral
Monica	But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn’t it.	disgust
Monica	You’re marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice!	disgust
Monica	You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.	disgust
Allesandro	Hey! I’m proud of that sauce, it’s delicious.	anger
Monica	Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?	surprise
Allesandro	Lebanon.	neutral
Monica	Hand me those tomatoes, I’m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.	anger
Allesandro	How long is this gonna take? ‘Cause I got another critic to go yell at.	neutral

Phoebe	Okay, then what happened?	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  You'll get your turn!	anger
Ross	Hey Pheebs, what's going on?	neutral
Phoebe	Nothing!   This is not over!	anger
Ross	No! No! No!	anger
Phoebe	What?!	surprise
Ross	I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in…  Actually, thanks!	sadness
Joey	All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?	neutral
Ross	Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.	sadness
Joey	Really?	surprise
Ross	Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.	sadness
Joey	Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.	neutral
Ross	That's okay, Joe.	neutral
Joey	All right, let's go Pheebs.	neutral
Ross	Oh God!	surprise

Chandler	That was amazing.	joy
Monica	I know.	neutral
Monica	Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever?	joy
Monica	We may have just started a family.	joy
Monica	Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.	joy
Chandler	And if not, we got to do it on a bucket.	neutral

Chandler	Ross! You gotta stop! Okay?! You can’t just stare through the peep hole for three hours! You’re gonna get peep eye!	anger
Ross	I knew it!	surprise
Ross	I knew it!	anger
Ross	I always knew she liked him!	anger
Ross	Y'know, she’d say no, but here we are!	anger
Ross	Right?	neutral
Ross	We just broke up, first thing she does!	anger
Chandler	You didn’t just break up.	neutral
Ross	Hey, it’s been like three weeks!	anger
Chandler	You slept with somebody three hours after you thought you broke up. I mean bullets have left guns slower!	disgust

Ross	Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?	neutral
Rachel	Oh yeah!	joy
Ross	Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily.	joy
Ross	Well, there's this one thing… Okay,  here goes.	neutral
Ross	I made a promise that--Oh hey!	surprise
Rachel	What?	neutral
Ross	You're nose is bleeding!	surprise
Rachel	Oh God.	sadness
Rachel	No!	sadness
Rachel	Oh not again!	anger
Rachel	This-this happened when my grandfather died.	sadness
Rachel	It's ugh!	disgust
Rachel	Sorry.	sadness
Rachel	Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?	neutral
Ross	Umm	neutral
Rachel	Sorry. Sorry.	sadness
Ross	Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.	sadness
Rachel	Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.	neutral

Monica	Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet!	fear
Rachel	Hello, Chip.	neutral
Chip	Hey, Rach! How ya doin’?	joy
Rachel	I’m great! I’m great. I’ve got a great job at	joy
Chip	So ah, Monica ready yet?	neutral
Rachel	She’ll be out in a second. So, Chip, how’s umm, Amy Welch?	neutral
Chip	Amy Welch? Wow! I haven’t seen her since... So, Monica about ready?	surprise

Ross	That’s right, I love you! And-and I’m gonna play with you all the time.	joy
Phoebe	How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?	surprise
Rachel	He’s talking to the baby.	neutral
Phoebe	Ohh!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay!	surprise
Phoebe	Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can’t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There’s a trick."	surprise
Rachel	Okay. Well, I gotta go you guys. I’ll see you later.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral

Joey	Oh my, oh my God!	surprise
Rachel	Aw, it’s unbelievable!	surprise
Rachel	Wow!	surprise
Rachel	She is kicking so much!	surprise
Rachel	Oh, she’s like umm…oh…who’s that kind of annoying girl soccer player?	joy
Joey	Mia Hamm?	neutral
Rachel	Mia Hamm!	joy
Joey	Oh that’s amazing.	joy
Rachel	Oh-oh!! One hand on the sheet Joe!	surprise
Joey	Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!	surprise

Chandler	Okay, what do you guys think?	neutral
Ross	Dude!	surprise
Joey	I have never known love like this.	sadness
Chandler	You really like it?	surprise
Ross	Dude! How-how did you write this?	surprise
Chandler	I stole Monica’s and changed the name.	neutral
Ross	You can’t	neutral
Joey	If he goes first he can!	joy

Ross	Yeah!	anger
Ross	Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y’know?	neutral
Ross	Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.	neutral
Joey	Oh wow that’s a great idea! And	joy
Gunther	Here you go.	neutral
Joey	Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one.	joy
Joey	Here you go.	neutral

Joey	Y’know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just—I don’t get Chandler.	neutral

Joey	Y’know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don’t get all upset.	neutral
Ross	All the time?	sadness
Joey	All the time!	anger

Ross	Cassie, how you-how you doin’ on that…hot dog.	neutral
Cassie	I’m all done.	neutral
Ross	Thank God.	joy
Cassie	I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.	neutral
Ross	Oh right.	neutral
Ross	Right.	neutral
Ross	Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ‘til you cried?	joy
Ross	We’re probably too old to do that now.	sadness
Cassie	I’ll always remember that summer, because it’s when I got all of these freckles.	joy
Ross	Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I’ll always remember that summer because that’s when I realized that we are related.	joy
Cassie	It took you that long to figure it out, huh?	surprise
Ross	Well I’m, I’m a little slow.  Just as our children would be.	neutral

Phoebe	Relax every muscle in your body.	neutral
Phoebe	Listen to the plinky-plunky music.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, now close you eyes, and think of a happy place.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, tell me your happy place.	neutral
Monica	Richard's living room, drinking wine.	joy
Phoebe	All right. No, no, no, not a Richard thing, just put down the glass. And get out!	anger
Monica	I'm sorry, but that's my happy place.	sadness
Phoebe	Well, okay, fine, use my happy place.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, I'm just gonna, I have to ask that you don't move anything.	neutral
Monica	All right, I'll try not to.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, all right, so, your in a meadow, millions of stars in the sky....	neutral
Monica	Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?	sadness
Phoebe	All right, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just, the warm breeze, and the moonlight flowing through the trees....	joy
Monica	I'll bet he's totally over me, I'll bet he's fine.	sadness
Phoebe	All right, betting and wagering of any kind, are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Phoebe	Just-just, you know, the-the lovely waterfalls, and the, the trickling fountains.	joy
Phoebe	And the-the calming sounds of the babbling brook....	neutral
Monica	Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee.	disgust

Ross	OK sweetie, I'll see you later.	neutral
Julie	See you later Rach.	neutral

Rachel	Bye-bye Julie.	neutral
Rachel	Hey.	neutral
Ross	Hey.	neutral
Rachel	Hey, c'mon, cut it out.	joy
Ross	Hey?	neutral
Rachel	What?	neutral
Ross	Can I ask you somethin'?	neutral

Phoebe	Hey Rach, wanna hear the new song I'm thinkin' of singing this afternoon? I wrote it this morning in the shower.	joy
Rachel	Ok.	neutral
Terry	Uh, Rachel, sweetheart, could I see ya for a minute?	neutral
Rachel	What's up?	neutral
Terry	F.Y.I..	neutral
Terry	I've decided to pay a professional musician to play in here on Sunday afternoons.	neutral
Terry	Her name is Stephanie... something.	neutral
Terry	She's supposed to be very good.	neutral
Rachel	But what about Phoebe?	surprise
Terry	Rachel, it's not that your friend is bad, it's that she's so bad, she makes me want to put my finger through my eye into my brain and swirl it around.	disgust
Rachel	Ok, ok, so you're not a fan, but I mean, come on, you cannot do this to her.	sadness
Terry	Uh...	neutral
Rachel	Oh, no no no no. Oh no no no no. I have to do this to her?	fear

Ross	Ahh, no.	sadness
Rachel	Oh.	neutral
Ross	Are you jealous?	surprise
Rachel	Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all.	anger
Rachel	I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own?	anger
Ross	You are totally jealous.	joy
Rachel	I'm not jealous.	anger
Rachel	All right this is about, umm, people feeling certain things y'know about strippers.	neutral
Rachel	And y'know, and um, I...	neutral
Ross	Honey, I love you too.	neutral
Rachel	Ugh. Wait, wait, wait.	sadness
Ross	What?	surprise
Ross	Huh.	surprise
Rachel	Well, there's a kiss that he won't forget for a couple of hours, y'know.	joy
Chandler	Yeah. Either that, or you just turned him on and sent him off to a stripper.	neutral

Chandler	I can’t believe you came back.	surprise
Rachel	Don’t say anything.	joy
Rachel	I don’t wanna speak, I don’t wanna think.	neutral
Rachel	I just want you to take me and kiss me and make love to me right here, right now.	joy
Friend No. 2	Rachel! Rachel!	joy
Rachel	What?	neutral
Friend No. 2	You missed the exit!	surprise
Rachel	Oh, sorry.	neutral
Friend No. 1	My God, what were you thinking about?	surprise
Rachel	Um,  Barry.	neutral
Her-Friends	Awwwww	joy

Phoebe	I just—I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!	surprise
Joey	Dude!	joy
Chandler	And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor.  And might I say your breasts are still showing.	joy
Phoebe	God!	surprise
Joey	All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!	joy
Monica	Well actually, Ross doesn't.	neutral
Chandler	Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.	neutral

Ross	Dear Mary-Angela.	neutral
Ross	Hi.	neutral
Ross	How?s it going.	neutral
Ross	This is the hardest letter I?ve ever had to write.	sadness
Ross	What the hell?s a matter with you?	disgust
Ross	How do you think Joey?s going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?	anger
Chandler	Well, that?s the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I?ll be in Cuba.	neutral
Ross	All right, look, look, you?ve got to do this yourself, okay in person.	neutral
Ross	At least you know her name.	neutral
Ross	You just go to the house and you ask for Mary-Angela, okay, when which ever one she is comes to the door, you take her for a walk, you let her down easy.	neutral
Chandler	What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?	fear
Ross	Where in Cuba?	sadness

Chandler	Hey.	neutral
Ross	You uh, you may have been right about Jill.	sadness
Rachel	Oh! I knew it! What happened?	surprise
Ross	Umm, she kissed me.	sadness
Rachel	What?! You kissed!	surprise

Joey	All right.	neutral
Chandler	Okay, here you go.  I have two queens, what do you have?	neutral
Joey	A two and a five.	neutral
Chandler	Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!	joy
Joey	Really?!	surprise
Chandler	Oh yeah! Okay, let’s play again.  What do you got?	neutral
Joey	A four and a nine.	neutral
Chandler	You’re kidding right?	surprise
Joey	No. Why?	neutral
Chandler	Well that’s a full cup!	surprise
Joey	Damn! I am good at Cups!	joy

Rachel	What? Why? Where are you?	surprise
Joey	I’m still on the set!	neutral
Rachel	Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!	anger
Joey	I know! I’m sorry! The guy’s drunk, they won’t let me go until we get this.	sadness
Rachel	Oh my God! I’m gonna have to find another minister.	sadness
Joey	No! No, I’m the minister! Alright, look-look, put ‘em both on the phone, I’ll marry them right now.	anger
Rachel	Ugh! Joey, I have to go.	sadness
Joey	Hey! Don’t you hang up on me! I’ll marry you and me right now! I have the power!	anger

Phoebe	Oh hey Joey! What's up?	joy
Joey	I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?	neutral
Phoebe	Yeah, I've been around.	neutral
Joey	Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?	neutral
Phoebe	Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees.	neutral
Joey	Great! Problem solved!	joy

Joey	Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.	sadness
Estelle	All right, first thing we gotta do, damage control.	neutral
Joey	Why?	surprise
Estelle	Well, I think uhh, someone out there may have been bad mouthing you all over town.	sadness
Joey	Bastard!	anger

Phoebe	You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—Oh!	surprise
Phoebe	All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!	surprise
Rachel	Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.	joy
Phoebe	Oh, I can't believe it!	surprise
Phoebe	I mean I think it's great!	joy
Phoebe	For him.	neutral
Phoebe	She might be able to do better.	neutral
Joey	Hey guys!	neutral
Rachel	Joey! Come here! Come here!	neutral
Rachel	Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.	neutral
Joey	You mean how they're friends and nothing more?	neutral
Rachel	No. Joey, she	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?	surprise
Joey	Yes, but y'know what?	neutral
Joey	It doesn't matter who knows what.	neutral
Joey	Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know!	neutral
Joey	Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!	joy

Chandler	It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.	neutral

Phoebe	Y’know, you’re friend’s getting married, it’s gotta change things.	neutral
Rachel	You really think it would be that different?	surprise
Phoebe	How could it not be?	surprise
Phoebe	I mean pretty soon they’re gonna be having kids, and then they’re just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids.	sadness
Phoebe	And then maybe they’re gonna have to leave the city to be near a	sadness
Rachel	Well, things change.	neutral
Joey	I don’t want them to move to a	sadness
Ross	It’ll be okay Joe.	neutral

Rachel	Its still there!	surprise
Chandler	Mrs. Braverman must be out.	neutral
Rachel	She could be out of town. Maybe she’ll be gone for months.	sadness
Chandler	By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don’t want her to come back to bad cheesecake.	fear
Rachel	No that could kill her.	fear
Chandler	Well, we don’t want that.	neutral
Rachel	No, so we’re protecting her.	neutral
Chandler	But we should take it.	neutral
Rachel	But we should move quick.	fear
Chandler	Why?	surprise
Rachel	Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.	fear
Chandler	Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!	fear

Chandler	Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?	neutral
Joey	Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.	neutral
Chandler	Well, you're gonna.	neutral
Joey	I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...	neutral
Chandler	Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?	neutral
Joey	Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women.	neutral
Joey	And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know?	sadness
Joey	Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...	neutral
Chandler	Hey, you're not him.	neutral
Chandler	You're you.	neutral
Chandler	When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?	neutral
Joey	No.	neutral
Chandler	No.	neutral
Chandler	You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business.	neutral
Chandler	Now that wasn't easy, but you did it!	neutral
Chandler	And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say "No thanks, I'm married."	neutral
Joey	You really think so?	joy
Chandler	Yeah. I really do.	neutral
Joey	Thanks, Chandler.	neutral
Chandler	Get off!	anger

Joey	Hi.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Your Fettuccini Alfredo looks a little dry, did you use all your cheese?	neutral
Joey	When you say used, do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack?	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	And the cream?	neutral
Joey	Cheese makes me thirsty.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Okay. Let’s move on.	neutral
Joey	All right.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Oh! Something smells good over at Monica’s station!  Oh my God! This is absolutely amazing! You’ve never made this before?	surprise
Monica	Oh no!	surprise
Monica	I don’t know anything about cooking.	neutral
Monica	I had to ask someone what it’s called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles.	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	Well, hats off to the chef.	joy
Monica	I-I-I’m sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn’t hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now?	neutral
The Cooking Teacher	The chef!	joy
Monica	That’s right.	joy

All	Hey, Pheebs.	neutral
Phoebe	Hey.	neutral
Monica	How's it going?	neutral
Phoebe	Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys.	joy
Phoebe	So what's going on?	neutral
Monica	Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.	neutral
Ross	I dunno, there's just something about...	neutral
Chandler	Basically we just feel that he's...	neutral
Rachel	We hate that guy.	disgust
All	Yeah. Hate him.	disgust
Ross	We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.	sadness
Phoebe	Uh-huh.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?	neutral
All	...No, we hate him.	disgust
Rachel	We're sorry.	sadness

Ross	Hey!	joy
Joey	Hey!	joy
Ross	What are you doing?	neutral
Joey	I’m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.	neutral

Chandler	Yes that was mine.	fear
Joey	Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.	neutral
Chandler	Yes that would have made more sense.	sadness
Joey	Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man!	anger
Joey	All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time.	neutral
Joey	And whatever you say, I'll believe ya.	neutral
Joey	Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?	anger

Chandler	Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?	anger
Ross	Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.	neutral

Ross	She said what?	surprise
Emily	She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."	neutral
Ross	Postpone it?	joy
Ross	Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding?	anger
Ross	Do you my sister’s teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh?	anger
Ross	This isn’t right.	neutral
Emily	I realize that people are going to be disappointed. But, I’m sure they’ll come back when we can do it right.	sadness
Ross	I can’t ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that?	anger
Emily	Don’t you point your pants at me!	anger
Emily	We have no choice!	anger
Emily	Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked months ago, Ross don’t you understand?	anger
Emily	This is our wedding I’m talking about.	anger
Ross	The only thing I understand is postponing it is not an option. This is when we’re getting married.	neutral
Emily	So what are you saying? It’s now or never?	anger
Ross	No. I’m saying it’s now.	neutral
Emily	Or?	anger
Ross	There’s no ‘or’ in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!	anger
Emily	It’s not the pants.	anger
Emily	It’s you that is backwards.	anger
Emily	And if, and if you don’t understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn’t get married at all!	anger
Ross	No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please—	sadness

Monica	Hi, honey.	neutral
Chandler	See you later.	neutral
Monica	What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!	joy
Chandler	Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask!	anger
The Museum Official	Hi, this is Heldi from the Morgan Chase museum. I’m calling for Monica Geller.	neutral
Monica	Oh no!	surprise
The Museum Official	I want to let her know that there was a cancellation and if she’s still interested in having the Bing-Geller wedding at our facility, it is available	neutral
Monica	Oh please, he didn’t hear it! He didn’t hear it!!	fear
Chandler	This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!	surprise
Monica	NOOOO!!!!!!!!	anger

Joey	Ma! What're you doing here?	surprise
Mrs. Tribbiani	I came to give you this  and this.	neutral
Joey	Oww! Big ring!	surprise

Susan	Yeah, all the time. I want the baby to know my voice.	neutral
Ross	Do you uh, do you talk about me?	neutral
Susan	Yeah, yeah, all the time.	neutral
Ross	Really?	surprise
Susan	But um, we just refer to you as Bobo the Sperm Guy.	neutral

Monica	Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!	disgust
Rachel	Have you ever seen so much crap?	disgust
Chandler	Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap	anger
Joey	Check this out. Can I have this?	neutral

Rachel	What?	neutral
Monica	I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti.	neutral
Monica	All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office.	neutral
Monica	It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.	joy
Joey	If it's not you, this is a horrible story.	sadness
Monica	Fortunately, it is me.	joy
Monica	And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much.	joy
Monica	Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate.	joy
Monica	Y'know, someplace nice.	neutral
Joey	Yeah, someplace nice.	neutral
Rachel	Yeah!	joy
Joey	How much do you think I can get for my kidney?	neutral

Chandler	So, what do you think?	neutral
Ross	I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.	joy
Chandler	I know!	joy
Monica	So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?	neutral
Joey	Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!	joy
Monica	Heads up Ross!  Score!  You suck!	joy

Monica	Thank you. Just make yourself comfortable.	neutral
Joey	Gotcha.	neutral
Monica	This place is really my Grandmother’s.	neutral
Monica	I got it from her when she moved to Florida, otherwise I could never afford a place like this.	neutral
Monica	So if the landlord ever asks, I’m 87 year old woman, who’s afraid of her VCR.	neutral
Monica	So are you thirsty?	neutral
Joey	Oh, you bet I am!	joy
Monica	Okay, here’s your penis!	surprise

Ross	Ohh, okay.	neutral
Rachel	Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house.	joy
Paul	Thank you, it’s my mom’s. So this is the kitchen.	neutral

Larry	Hey, ready for dinner?	neutral
Phoebe	Ooh, absolutely!	joy
Larry	Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?	joy
Phoebe	Ooh, I love that place!  So, no.	neutral
Larry	How about Mama Lisettie's?	neutral
Phoebe	Enh. Sure!	neutral
Larry	I wonder how long that milk  has been setting out.	disgust
Phoebe	Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy!	neutral
Phoebe	That—this milk is mine.	neutral
Phoebe	I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know.	neutral
Phoebe	Okay, let's go!	joy
Larry	Hey, buddy!  Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the	anger
Gunther	But then I'd have to go all the way around the dry cleaner place.	neutral
Larry	Oh, so you're saying you'd choose convenience over health?!	disgust
Phoebe	Okay, stop!	anger
Phoebe	Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy?	neutral
Phoebe	Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?	anger
Larry	Well, I suppose I could give him a warning.	neutral
Phoebe	Thank you.	joy
Phoebe	Go!	neutral
Phoebe	Go!	anger
Phoebe	Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.	disgust

Rachel	No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don’t want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!	sadness
Phoebe	No but at Monica’s you can eat cookies over the sink!	joy
Rachel	I know. I’m sorry.	sadness
Phoebe	All right fine! This looks like so much fun.	neutral
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
Phoebe	God, what a mess.	neutral

Chandler	Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.	neutral
Ross	Well, I lost.	sadness
Ross	Some little girl loaned her uniform to her nineteen year old sister, who went down to the U.S.S.	sadness
Ross	Nimitz, and sold over 2,000 boxes.	anger
Chandler	Hey! How’d the interview go?	joy
Rachel	Oh, I blew it. I wouldn’t of even hired me.	sadness
Ross	Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you’re gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job.	sadness
Ross	That’s not how that was supposed to come out.	sadness
Phoebe	This is the worst Christmas ever.	sadness
Chandler	Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.	neutral
Rachel	I can’t!	anger
Rachel	It’s too late!	anger
Rachel	Terry already hired that girl over there.	sadness
Rachel	Look at her, she’s even got waitress experience.	sadness
Rachel	Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin....  swans.	sadness
Ross	That word was swans.	neutral

Fireman No. 1	What do we got there?	surprise
Fireman No. 2	A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred picture—Wow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!	surprise
Monica	You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.	joy
Fireman No. 3	It's all right.	neutral
Fireman No. 3	It's all right.	neutral
Fireman No. 3	You don't have to explain.	neutral
Fireman No. 3	This isn't the first boyfriend bonfire that we've seen get out of control.	neutral
Fireman No. 1	You're our third call tonight.	neutral
Rachel	Really?	surprise
Fireman No. 2	Oh, sure, Valentine's is our busiest night of the year.	neutral

Rachel	I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.	sadness
Monica	No, you were right. I don't have a plan.	neutral
Rachel	Thank God. Food.	joy
Monica	Phoebe?	neutral
Phoebe	What?	neutral
Monica	Do you have a plan?	neutral
Phoebe	I don't even have a 'pl'.	joy
Rachel	No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese.	sadness
Monica	Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?'	surprise
Monica	Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks?	surprise
Monica	Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?	joy
Phoebe	And-and a power tie?	joy
Monica	Oh God.	surprise
Monica	Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza!	surprise
Rachel	Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?	neutral
Phoebe	Big Bird's friend.	neutral
Monica	I see pizza!	joy
Phoebe	Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see!	joy
Rachel	Hello? Who are we spying on?	sadness

Joey	Hey, y'know what a really good rainy day game is?	neutral
Monica	What?!	neutral
Joey	I mean naked game. Strip poker, we should totally play strip poker.	joy
All	No, no!	disgust
Monica	What are you crazy?!	disgust
Joey	Come on! When you go away, you-you have to play, it’s like a law!	sadness
Rachel	Allll done!	neutral
Monica	Aww, thank you.	joy
Rachel	Okay, who’s next?!	neutral
Ross	No-o-o!  No way!	disgust
Rachel	Come on, please?! I’m boredddd! You let me do it once before.	neutral
Ross	Yeah well, if ah, if that’s the rule this weekend...  No!	joy

Monica	It’s beautiful! It’s like the first bathroom floor there ever was.  Whoa! Are you going in there for?	surprise
Chandler	What, like a number?	neutral
Ross	Hey!	joy
Chandler	Hi! Bye!	neutral
Ross	Okay, I’m done with my choices, these are final.	neutral
Rachel	Well, it’s about time.	anger
Joey	Ooh, very official.	neutral
Ross	Oh, yeah, well y'know Chandler printed it up on his computer.	neutral
Monica	And who laminated it?	neutral
Ross	That would be me.	neutral
Rachel	All right let me see.  Uma Thurman, Winona Ryder, Elizabeth Hurely, Michelle Pfieffer, and Dorothy Hammel?	neutral
Ross	Hey, it’s my list.	anger
Rachel	Okay honey, you do realize she only spins like that on ice.	neutral

Ross	Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the	neutral
Phoebe	Hi! And you're going into what grade?	surprise
Dr. Oberman	Umm, I'm actually a first year resident, but I get that a lot, you see, I-I graduated early	joy
Phoebe	Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor.	joy
Dr. Oberman	Oh no, I'm fully qualified to	joy
Phoebe	Shh!	anger
Phoebe	Doogie, shh!	anger
Phoebe	Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon?	surprise
Phoebe	Huh?	surprise
Phoebe	Go!	anger
Phoebe	Go little boy, go!	anger
Frank	Oh cool! You made him cry!	joy

Ross	Hey, there’s uh, some people outside, askin’ about candy.	neutral
Monica	Well, they’re just gonna have to wait aren’t they? I’ve only got two hands!!	anger
Ross	Need some help?	neutral
Monica	No! You don’t know the system! There’ll be nobody messing with the system!	anger

Policeman	Your license please.	neutral
Ross	You don’t-you don’t want to hear about my dream Officer…Pretty?	neutral
Policeman	It’s Petty.  I’ll be right back with your ticket.	neutral
Rachel	You have a son!	surprise
Ross	I know. I know.	neutral

Gerston	Uh, like, could these margaritas	neutral
Santos	Hello, Mr. Bing.	neutral
Petrie	Loved your Stevie Wonder last night.	joy
Chandler	Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I'm gonna need them on my desk	neutral
Santos	Sure.	neutral
Gerston	No problem.	neutral
Chandler	You have to give 'em something, you know.	joy
Chandler	Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who's the guy with the moustache?	neutral
Phoebe	Petrie.	neutral
Chandler	Petrie, right, right. Okay, some people gonna be working	neutral

Ross	....right?	anger
Ross	Right?	anger
Ross	I mean it’s pretty unbelievable y'know, I mean they just took off, took off without even looking back.	anger
Ross	Y'know I don’t, I don’t need them, huh, I’ve got you guys now as friends, you and Susan.	anger
Carol	Ah, Susan will be so pleased.	joy
Ross	717?  Where’s 717?  Hey, you’ve have more of these for Susan right?	surprise
Carol	No. But it’s okay, I’ll just put out pickles or something.	neutral
Phoebe	Ross, thank God.	joy
Ross	Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?	surprise
Phoebe	I ate a bug.	disgust
Monica	Hey Rach, the tampons here are only a penny. Let’s stock up.	joy
Phoebe	Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don’t know where we are, so we can’t get a tow truck.	fear
Ross	Oh, now you want a favour?	joy
Phoebe	Yes, please.	neutral
Ross	Well, oh, I’m sorry your car broke down Pheebs, but I’m a little too busy with some of my real friends right now, but please call to let me know you got home safely okay?	anger
Carol	Phoebe, hang on a second.  Here, take my car, go pick up your friends.	neutral
Ross	No, I’m not gonna pick them up.	anger
Carol	Listen, we both know you’re gonna do it ‘cause you’re not a jerk.	neutral
Carol	So you can either sulk here for a half hour and then go pick them up, or save us both time and sulk in the car.	anger
Ross	No, Rachel doesn’t want me to....	anger
Carol	Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you ‘cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don’t punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.	neutral
Ross	Yeah, you’re right.	neutral

Monica	God, I feel so guilty about Ross.	sadness
Phoebe	Oh, I know.	sadness
Joey	I kinda feel like it's my fault.	sadness
Chandler	Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.	anger
Joey	Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out!	anger
Chandler	Well, I think it's very brave what you said.	anger
Phoebe	All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places.	neutral
Chandler	Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?	anger
Phoebe	Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice.	anger
Phoebe	Okay, I admit it!	anger
Phoebe	I love this coat!	joy
Phoebe	Okay, I—it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley!	joy
Phoebe	Remember Phil Huntley?	neutral
Phoebe	He was fine!	joy

Ross	So your dad dropped by. He’s a pleasant man!	joy
Rachel	Oh no	fear
Phoebe	I’d better go. (She goes and sits down in the	neutral
Rachel	Ross I’m so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.	sadness
Ross	I don’t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she’s totally freaked out!	anger
Rachel	Oh okay, I’ll fix that to. What’s her e-mail address?	neutral
Ross	Rachel!	anger
Rachel	All right, I promise. I’ll fix this. I swear. I’ll-I’ll-I’ll-I’ll talk to her.	fear
Ross	Okay!	anger
Rachel	Okay.	neutral
Ross	Thank you!	anger
Phoebe	That’s it?!	anger
Phoebe	You call that a fight?	surprise
Phoebe	Come on!	anger
Phoebe	"We were on a break!"	anger
Phoebe	"No we weren’t!"	anger
Phoebe	What happened to you two?	surprise

Chandler	Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please?	neutral
Monica	I'm sorry.	neutral
Monica	But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it.	neutral
Monica	Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing.	neutral
Maitre d'	Oh-kay, we'll have a table for you in about 45 minutes.	neutral
Chandler	Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the	surprise
Maitre d'	I'm sorry. Christmas is a very busy time, sir.	neutral
Chandler	Is this because of the burrito thing?	sadness
Monica	You need to give him money.	neutral
Chandler	Give him money? It was a joke!	surprise
Monica	No, to get a table! Places like this are always shakin’ you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.	anger
Chandler	Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.	neutral
Monica	You've got to be smooth about it.	neutral
Chandler	Hey, I can be smooth.	neutral
Chandler	Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.	neutral
Maitre d'	Of course, sir.	neutral
Chandler	Okay.	neutral

Tag	I’d better get back to my desk.	neutral
Rachel	Okay, you hard worker! I’ll remember to put that in your evaluation.	joy
Tag	My what?	surprise
Rachel	Well, you’ve been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation.	neutral
Rachel	But y’know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate.	neutral
Tag	Are you serious?	surprise
Rachel	No, I’ve just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?	neutral

Chandler	I can blow dry it.	neutral
Chandler	I can put gel on it.	neutral
Chandler	It doesn’t matter, I still wind up with this little  cowlicky thing on the middle part of my head.	neutral
Chandler	It’s so annoying.	disgust
Chandler	Does it bug you?	sadness
Ross	You bug me.	disgust
Chandler	Is there any chance you didn’t see that?	neutral

Rachel	Hey Joey, what ‘cha doing?	neutral
Joey	Sweepin’. Why? Turn you on?	neutral
Rachel	No.	neutral
Joey	Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?	joy
Rachel	Joey, did	neutral
Joey	Where are you going? The vicar won’t be home for hours.	joy
Rachel	Joey,  where did you learn that word?	surprise
Joey	Where do you think,  Zelda?	neutral
Rachel	You found my book?!	anger
Joey	Yeah I did!	joy
Rachel	Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!	anger
Joey	Okay, look I’m sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn’t have, but you got porn!	surprise
Rachel	Hey-hey, y’know what?	anger
Rachel	There’s nothing wrong with a woman enjoying a little…erotica.	neutral
Rachel	It’s just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand.	anger
Joey	You got porn!	joy

Chandler	Well, I feel like a snack!	joy
Monica	Do you want some shortbread? Eh that’s Scottish like you are.	neutral
Chandler	Oh no thanks. I don’t like	neutral
Ross	What?!	surprise
Chandler	Well it’s just my entire family was run out of Scotland by…Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories.	sadness
Ross	Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.	neutral
Monica	You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!	anger
Ross	How did you know about that?!	surprise

Joey	Hi!	joy
The Potential Roommate	Hi!	joy
Joey	Come in.	neutral
Joey	Thanks for comin’ back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and	neutral
The Potential Roommate	Great!	joy
Joey	Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match.	neutral
Joey	Okay, so I made up a little test.	neutral
Joey	Now, I’m gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind.	neutral
The Potential Roommate	I can do that.	neutral
Joey	Okay! Here we go. Pillow.	neutral
The Potential Roommate	Fight.	neutral
Joey	Very good! Okay. G.	joy
The Potential Roommate	String?	neutral
Joey	Excellent! Okay umm, doggy.	joy
The Potential Roommate	Kitten?	neutral
Joey	Ooh, sorry! No-no-no, so close though, but—bye-bye!	sadness

Monica	Dad, please don’t pick your teeth out here!	disgust
Monica	Alright, and if you’re gonna put your feet up, why don’t you sit on the-	disgust
Phoebe	Monica, leave him alone	anger
Joey	Will you hurry up?	sadness
Joey	Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine’s friends are dancers?!	surprise
Joey	And that they’re going to be drinking alot!	anger
Rachel	No, I did, but tell me again, because it’s so romantic.	neutral
Joey	Well you’re whippin’ so slow! Can’t you do it any faster?	anger
Rachel	Joey!	anger
Rachel	Come on!	anger
Rachel	I don’t wanna make any mistakes, alright?	anger
Rachel	This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody's gonna be like “Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?”	fear
Rachel	So why don’t you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?	neutral
Joey	Oh I am!	joy
Monica	Ross, if you don’t tell them, then I will!	anger
Ross	Okay, fine!	anger
Joey	Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?	neutral
Ross	Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can’t? Okay.	neutral

Monica	You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?	joy
Chandler	Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.	joy
Monica	Okay, now you're even cuter!!	joy
Chandler	Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.	neutral
Monica	What?	surprise
Chandler	The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.	surprise
Monica	What are you talking about?	surprise
Chandler	I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.	joy
Monica	That's not possible!	joy
Chandler	Ow!	surprise
Monica	I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.	joy
Chandler	Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.	anger
Monica	I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.	sadness
Chandler	No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!	anger
Monica	This bicep?	surprise
Chandler	Well it's not flexed right now!	anger

Phoebe	It's Phoebe.	neutral
Phoebe	Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?	sadness
Phoebe	Umm, well, umm Grandma died.	sadness
Phoebe	No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.	sadness
Phoebe	No you didn't!	joy
Phoebe	Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?	anger
Phoebe	Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert.	disgust

Melissa	anyway, his name is Allan and we’ve been going out for three years.	neutral
Melissa	He was my first client when I became a party planner.	neutral
Melissa	He was planning a party for his girlfriend at the time.	neutral
Melissa	Oh well.	neutral
Melissa	And he was Theta Beta Pi at Syracuse.	neutral
Rachel	Oh. Oh, that’s great!	joy

Ben	Really? Like how?	surprise
Rachel	Well y’know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we’d jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they’d put salt on their cereal.	neutral
Ben	That’s a good one.	joy
Rachel	Yeah? You like that one?	surprise
Ben	Yeah, you’re funny.	joy
Rachel	I’m funny?	surprise
Rachel	Oh thank God!	joy
Rachel	Well hey, I’ve got a ton of these!	joy
Rachel	Umm, oh here—Do you want a good one?	neutral
Rachel	Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge.	neutral
Rachel	Right?	neutral
Rachel	And then you say to person, I bet you can’t roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face.	neutral
Rachel	And then when they do it, they’re left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.	neutral
Ben	Can I do it to you?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I-I-I-I’m funny Ben, but I’m not stupid. Okay?	joy

Ross	Chloe? Hi..	neutral
Chloe	Is this about me taking your watch?	sadness
Ross	You took my watch?	surprise
Chloe	I’m sorry, I do that.	sadness
Ross	Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?	sadness
Chloe	Oh no. I feel it isn’t really anybody’s business, y'know.	neutral

Pete	Oh, one other thing. Hoshi thinks that you being ringside may have affected my concentration.	neutral
Monica	Yeah. That-that was the problem.	neutral
Chandler	Excuse me, Doug?  Hey there sports fan!!	joy
Doug	Bing! You got those numbers for me?	joy

Chip	So you still in touch with anyone from high school?	neutral
Monica	Umm. Well, there’s Rachel, and umm, I think that’s it. How bout you?	neutral
Chip	Oh yeah, I still hang with Simmons and Zana, y'know.	neutral
Chip	I see Spindler a lot.	neutral
Chip	Devane, Kelly, and I run into Goldie from time to time.	neutral
Chip	Stick, Brown, Sulkov, McGuire, J.T., Beardsley.	neutral
Monica	Is that all?	neutral
Chip	Ehh, y'know after high school, you just kinda lose touch. Oh yeah! I ran into Richard Dorfman.	joy
Monica	Ohh, how is he?	surprise
Chip	Not so good, Simmons and I gave him a wedgie.	neutral
Monica	Isn’t he an architect now?	neutral
Chip	Yeah, they still wear underwear.	neutral

Joey	So the Porsche guy took his car back.	neutral
Chandler	But you found the keys to his clothes?	neutral
Joey	No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.	joy
Monica	And people will think you own a Porsche because you’re wearing the clothes?	surprise

Rachel	Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!	neutral
Ross	Hey!	joy
Rachel	Oh! It’s you.  Hi.	surprise

Joey	What about me?! You-you just said I could!	anger
Chandler	I’m not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!	neutral
Joey	I can’t believe you’re not picking me.	anger
Ross	Hey, how can it	neutral
Chandler	I’m not even… I’m not even	neutral
Ross	Fine, y’know what, that’s it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.	anger
Joey	Yes!  Shame about you man.	joy

Joey	Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.	joy
Stanley	Umm, slight change of plans. We've shut down.	sadness
Joey	Wh-what?! Why?!	surprise
Stanley	It's a money thing, we don't have any.	sadness
Joey	You're kidding right?	surprise
Stanley	No.	neutral
Joey	What?!	surprise
Stanley	It-it's probably just temporary. We're hoping to get some more money soon, so if could just uh, hang out.	neutral
Joey	Uh, hang out?! How long?	sadness
Stanley	I don't know.	neutral
Stanley	A week?	anger
Stanley	Maybe two?	neutral
Stanley	The money will turn up!	neutral
Stanley	People will always wanna invest in movies!	neutral
Stanley	Hey, you're not rich are ya?	neutral
Joey	No!	anger
Stanley	Eh, worth a shot.  Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay?	neutral
The Grip	Hey pal, are you Joey Tribbiani?	neutral
Joey	Yeah.	neutral
The Grip	These got left for ya.	neutral
Joey	Thanks.   Congratulations on your big break.	sadness

Julie	Rachel, do you have any muffins left?	neutral
Rachel	Yeah, I forget which ones.	neutral
Julie	Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one?	neutral

Chandler	Hey.	neutral
All	Hey!	joy
Monica	So how was Joan?	neutral
Chandler	I broke up with her.	neutral
Ross	Don’t tell me, because of the big nostril thing?	surprise
Chandler	They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.	disgust
Rachel	Come on, they were not that huge.	neutral
Chandler	I'm tellin' you, she leaned back; I could see her brain.	disgust
Monica	How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?	surprise
Joey	Hold it, hold it.	neutral
Joey	I gotta side with Chandler on this one.	neutral
Joey	When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple.	disgust
Joey	It made me nuts.	disgust
Chandler	You or me?	neutral
Ross	I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.	neutral
Joey	You guys are messing with me, right?	surprise
All	Yeah.	neutral
Joey	That was a good one. For a second there, I was like, "whoa."	joy
